
TekkaMan

In the 21st cen young space pilot Barry Galigar is selcted to wear a powerful suit of space armor
this armor transform barry into tekkaman the space knight
the mightiest superhero in the universe

Tekkaman the spac eknight heroically protects the eartch from from evil alien robots and battles them in deep space.

With his space lance, Tekkaman is invicible!

Tekkaman the space knight is the worlds greatest defender.


---

In the far off time of the 21st centuray the nations of the world have unified under one democratice world givernment.
The rapid advancment of space earth's space program has made it possible to build a space station orbiting pluto

From this space satraion the first insteller expedition command by cpt robert gallager is launced towards the distant stars.

The captain look longingly tords the blue visage of the earthc as the shuttle ascends from plutos atmosphere into deep space.

Well, tom, were off into the deep unknown the captain says as his eyes remain fixed on his mother home.

Captain, do you really think we'll find new world? Tom one of the navigators at the ships helm remains asks
while continuing to operate the control of the ship.

I certainly hope so Captain robert replies, a skeptic optimism in his voice..

What?! Tom exclaims and looks towards his captain from reassurce.

Robert hears his commanders uneasyiss but mcontinues to lock his eyes toards the ships viewport.
Yes, I'm sure that we will, he says. We must.

Robert turns and points towards their home owlrd.
Look earth is becoming over populated. Pollution is harder to control, and naturally resources are slowly diminishg.
Toms looks away from his avigator tools and peers deeply at the earth.
The once brigh blue colors now coated in a shade of dull grey.

Humanity has outgrown a single palanet. Roberts continues. We need to find more worlds, not just for scietific purposes,
but so humanity can spread and colonzie new frontiers.

Tom leans towrds his captain, can dr richardsons new tekkaTraansoprts work for colonization?

Dr. robert closes his eyes, as he reassumes his militaristic comander front.
Yes. The new flight method run smoothly and so should the space devlopment program. He paces closer to the shttles viewport
as the image of earth grows smaller with distance.

The space shuttles travels anward and soon leaves pluttos atmossphere. The ships blue pointed body,
 detailed with red and white wings a marvelous sight within the darknes of deep space. To dr. richardsons
 credit, only a genius could have been able to design a craft so elegant. The ship fururistic desing
 was testment to all who saw it that humanity had entered the next stage in space exploration technology.

 Within the ships deck the larg green radar system began to blink. The 3d planet shaped screen display and
 unidentified object had enetered view and was approaching quckly

Captian unidentified space objects aporaching. Tom said.

Metors? Said the cpatian, his voice uneasy.

No, tom replies. My instremets are definitely picking up some type of force field.

What? Robert stands and walks towards the navigator to inveigate the reading.

Anither corker at the helm turns to te captain.
Captain, I think theyre... non human space ships.

Growing closer the alien objects grow close to the ship. Dropping their clloacks the unidentified object come suddently into view.
The mantie ray shapped shuttles appear in a swarm and charge towards the space exploration shuttle.

The ships strange seemed to be each the size of a automobile but appear in a swarm.
It's animal like design and dull beigne colors are something undeniably out of this world.

The shipmates look inshock at the object till they are knowcked of balance.
The ship rumbles as the sound of a blast is heard throughout.

Captain robert catches hold of the navigtaors chair as the entire ships shakes with a loud sounding book.
The lights of the helm grow red as the alram systems beging to sound.

Captain we're hit! // I added this


---
Back on eartch at the world science center, a central headquarters for the advancment of eartchs sciences,
young space pilor, barry gallager, observes the stars,

Uncle Bob, good luck with your mission.
Says barry and the young man continues to peer up to the heavens. Despite the growing pollution of earth the stars were uniquely
visibletonight. And barry stood a long while to boserve them so engrossed he barely heard the steps of the of the person running towards him.

Barry! a woman''s voice exclaims your uncles ship!

Recognizing the voice, barry quickky turns around, Patricia whats wrong?
Hurry to the control room! Patricia replies and Barry dashes down the steps form the observatory.
Not taking a moment to lose, he dashes past patricia and heads down the centers hallway.


Back in space, the earths space shuttle coninues to be bombarded by the attaachk of the starange alien objects.
The shuttle lock on to the ship though their visors bright yellow slits that rsembeling eyes fix on the eatch shuttles.
from thei long metal tail they fire whats look to be a rainbow pattterend laser at the earths shutttle.
The effect is nearly immediate as theee beams eat way at the body of the ship.

The ship rublems and shakes with everyblow, and th crewmates struglle to ender the blasts as their minds still
try to make sense of the situation.

The emeganecy lights blink on and off in rapid sucession, adn captain robert picks up the communication device.
World science center this is space sential.
Space sentinal to world science center. We are under attack.

The attack on the space sential mounts and soon large pieces of the ship are completely severed. Cargo from the ship
is suck off into the vaccum of space.





