*Exposition
The beginning of the story that establishes the norm and provides important information

Barry chosen to ear tekka armor. 
Hailed as a hero.
Earth learns of the emporer
They fight
Emporer destroys earth

* Rising action
The second act that builds tension, complexity, and suspense as the story explores its conflict and builds towards the climax

Barry has to fight the emprorer again // why?
Barry asks himeslef why he wanted to be a hero
Barry trains with alaiens to fight against the emprorer

* Climax
The moment of greatest tension in the story

Barry fights the emprorer

* Falling action
The fourth act that continues the climax and leads up to the catastrophe, which is the final phase of the story

Aliens look up to Barry
Barry tells us what a hero is
---

There will be no honor in the next fight.
Barry will be always seen as the one who failed.
But he can still save whats left.

Barrys struggle to focus on the fight.
He no longer has unlimted confidence in himself.
But he doesnt need that.
He need to focus on the anemy an what he has to save.
He wants to trust that he now fights for the right reasons.

---

What happens in this story?
I am realizing there are a lot of things I had a plan to write on but that the pieces didnt really go together.

Opening on knowing about the emporer.
The alien drones attacking, but humans not knowing what they are.
Wheter the story begins with the harold already telling humans about the emporor or not.
Who the harold is.
What happens to robert.
What robert is doing in space.
What patricia tells barry 
what barry does to upset patricia.

I only know this story from the point that tekkaman fights the emporer and the emporer destroys earth.

Perhaps I should just go ahead and open there. I mean, what's stopping me from doing so?

--

I need a little time to get to know Barry. I want people to see him as he is, before the fight.
BNarry is:
    jovial // he boasts abiliuty his confidence in beating the emporer, "I could take hime with one arm tied around my back"
    proud   // Taking obviosu pleasiure in people praising him as a hero, refers to himself as one
    selfish // he betrays Patricias trust


Outline:

The coming of the emporer
    * a harlod came to earth tellling of the emporer
    * The emporer will fight the earths strongest warrior one on one
    * Barry was chosen
The selection of Barry Gallager
    * Barry was an ace pilot at the top of his class
    * Barry always dreamed of being a hero
Gallager the night before the battle.
    * Gows aout drink 
    * seems relaxed jokes about beating the emporer
    * refers to himself as a hero
    * betrays his girlfriend
Before the battle // many humans moved onto space colony. Tekkaman standing at the ready
    * Barry transforms into tekkaman 
    * he waits at the destinated spot
    * many humans are moved onto the space colony

The battle: TekkaMan is much stronger than the emporer, tekkaman offers to let him take a hit in.


When will we get to know pagas and see the transformation?
We will right before thee battle. Maybe the scene with Barry calling out in pain doesnt happen.
maybe we wont get to see the transformation.

One sentence pithch: Space pilot Barry gallager fails to save the earth from a intergalatic threat, to protect what is left 
of humanity Barry must first answer the question: "What is a hero?"  
