In the 21st centuray man has travled deep into the abyss of space.
Faced with a new extratrisetil threats Tekka ally armor was created.
The young space pilot barry galagar was tasked to don the armor to become tekkaman the space knight.
With his space  lance, Tekkaman fights threats to humanity in deep space.
With his space lance Tekkaman is invicible.
TekkaMan is the greatest superhero the unibverse has ever known!

--------
- Outline
* The world of Tekkaman
	Space explorarion for a new world
	Tekka armor developend
	Barry chosen as test pilot
	Unidentified attacks
	Visit from harlod
* Attacks from UFOs
	The attacks from UFOs are identified
	Humanity continues to hide tekkaman
	Barry fights ufos then they dissapear
	Barry is confident he can take the Waldester Emporer
* The conflict
	Barry fights the EMporor
	Barry is stronger barry
	Earth is destroyed
* Aftermath
	Humanity is left to what is in the colony
	Humanity works alongside aliens to rehome
	Barry isolates himself on a moon to reflect
* Barry trians to fight the emporer
	The emporer will appear on a new planet with alien who live primitively
	Barry trains alongside them
	Barry fights and wins
	Barry tells us that srength is not what makes a hero

------

* The world of Tekkaman
	Space explorarion for a new world


Leaving Pluutos orbit in 1 2 3...

Longligy the captain Robert Gallager stares outside thshuttles viewport. The visage of mother earth grows smaller in the distance,
as the space shuttle trails off into the unknown, unexpolered areas of space.

Captain, we we have left Pluttos orbit. Tom, a lead navigator for the shuttle replies.
Robert doesnt respind till fixated on slowly disapearing image of the dying home the crew is leaving behind.

In the 21st centuray, the world has been unified under one central democratic goverment. The unified effort of countries
has allowed for rapid succession of space travel technology.The global federation under which all countries
combine their efforts in space travel is known as the worlrd science insitute.
 As we speak, a large colony exists on Putto. 
From this colony Captain Robert was tasked to lead the WSIs first space exploration program. A program whos success 
may very well determine the fate of humanity.

Capatian, Tom turns to his captain, looking aways from the navigation console.
Do you really think we'll find new worlds.

I can only hope so, Capatain Robert replies solemly, showing a skeptical uneasiness that he would rarely allow
to show his commrands.

What? Tom replies, ueased by his capatain's uncertain reply.

Assuming his typical militant person Captain robert truns from the viewport and lock eyes with tom.
Yes, Tom we will, we must. He says commandling and gestures towards earth.

Our plantet is slowly dying. It can no longer contain the human poplulation, and the damage pollution has caused 
is no longer something even our best science can remedy. 
Tom looks our towards the view of the erth. The bright blue image he had seen in books as a boy was now shrowded 
in a veil of dying gray. The damage pollution had caused the planet was no longer soemthing that could be remedied
The planet was dying, and mankind had no option but to get out.

The crew of the helm look togetehr with the captain, And one crewmate speaks out.
T// not sure I want to insert the enviromentalism here.

The success of our mission is vital, not just for scietific purposes but so humanity can colonize new frintiers.

Tom furrows his brow, do you trully believe that dr. richardsons tekkatransport system will allow the colonization of new 
planets.

Capatian Gallager nods. It must.

The radar system begins to blink and an alarm sounds thoughout the helm.

aptain on of the navigators cries out unidentified object are approaching the sshuttle.

Metors? ccapetain robert replies his voice uneasy.

No capatian they appear to be ships--

the ship rattles and all onboard are shaken by the blow.
The lights throughout the ship grow red and the emargency sounds activate.

Captain were hit!

What- and just at thet monmernt within the viewport a sawrm of mantie ray shapped shuttles start to come into view.
Each ones image slowly forming as if they were invisble before. The shuttles poit their tails at the seninal and 
launch a stream of multicolored light. The beams blast the ship shipping away at the massive shuttle.

Captain the gerator has been detroyed. Were on reserve power.

Captain Roboert pulls himself up to the emergency console and activeta an sos.

Worlds science organistaion theis is the sential come in WSO were under attack un identified object have attacked our-

And that was all the signal the WSO recieved.


-----

* Barry Galager.

Glasses click together, and cold beer froth drips along the side of tall pilsners.

Congrats Barry congrats! No one deserves this more than you. A member of the newly former Space defense force says, leaning back 
agasint the bench at the bar table, almost so far off he to grab to thable to prevent follwing back.

The members of the space defense force celebrate today. Each memeber of the unit was selected from a rigours selcetion process.

Gieven the critical nature of space travel and the limited space weaponary the WSI now had available only the bestand brightest
of the miltary were selected to be a part of the new space defense force.

And of those defense members only one could have been selected to don the new space tekka armor developed by Dr. Rischardson
the head of the WSI.

Barry Gallager leans back in his chair, a smug smile crossess his face as he brings the cool mug to his mouth.

When duty calls you have to answer... Barry replies, smiling. I never asked to be real life super hero but if thats
what dr. Richardson wnats it what he wants...

Crystal who was sitting to Barry's side slaps his shoulder. Oh, that's enough out of you. She says, clearly inebriated.
You get tasked to demo a suit of space armor for the WSI and all of the sudden you think youre superman.

Barry chucclkes while brushing off his shirt. Foaming having trickled onto his from crystalls shoving.

The other memebrs of the Space defense force chuckkle.  Another member speaks forth.

Barry has been a superheor, another of the space defencse for speaks out. Do you know how many people lives have been saved by Barry.

He speaks. And And the turh was that Barry had shown his valor many times in his time in the mitlary.
From saving civilians from terror attacks, to identiying the location of hostages, to nearly soley taking down
a fleet of malfuntiong fighter drones, Barry Gallager had shown himself to be nearly the perfect soldier in everyway.

Only the best of the best of the worlds air force were chosen to be in the space defense force and from those canidates,
onlyu one could be chosen to done the space combat armor. 
Project TekkaMan was the secret project that Dr. Richardson had been developing the past two years. 
While the idea of a single man fighting in smror may have seemed something of scifi, with the power of Dr. Rishcardosns
technology it proved to be the ideal tool for space combat.

Only an individual of great combat skill and physical prowess could don the armor effctively. 
In all marks Barry was at the top of his class.



-------
// I want to rewrite the first scene.
// my plan now is for the story to open closer to the confrontation.
// They already know about the walderian emporer.
// the tekka armor was created and enhanced to fight him
// Barry was chosen to be the candidate.


All shuttles on. Leaving pluttos orbit in 1, 2, 3...

Captain RObert Gallager stares longinly at the ships viewport. The image of mother earth grows smaller with distance.

Captain do you really think we'
// how much sense does this scene make? at this point, humans already know of alien life.
// still, there is a need for humans to find a new world to colonize. 

Captain do you really think we'll find a new world for humanity?

I dont know, Captain robert says as his eyes remain looked on the screen. A anxiuos uncertainty uncharisteic of him

What? the lead navigator, Tom, replies looking aways from the ships controls.

Captain roberts turns from the screen and locks eyes with tom. We will find something suitable, we must. 
The future of humanity rests upon it.

Tom furrows his brow. But if we dont, everything will rest on project TekkaMan. On Barry...

Captain Robert frowns as a sense of melacholy all but overcomes him. The captain gestures towards the viewport.
Tom looks and takes in the state of earth. The bright blue waters he saw images of as a boy now completely veild
in a dull shade of grey.
Our plant is dying Captain RObert says his voice melancholy. Natural resoucres are becoming scare, pollution has
reached past the point of control, our world can no longer sustain our species.
Robert looks back towards Tom, that is way we must find a new planet. Emporer Waldarian or not, humanity find find a 
new planet to colonize.

Is it true that Dr. Richardsons Tekkattransport ssytem will be enough to 
Do you believe Dr. Richardsons tekka transport system will allow humanity to relocate.
The captain nods in affirmation. I have complete faith in the work of Dr. Richarson, I wouldnt have 
taken command of this manificent shuttle if I didnt.

But captain... Tom bites his tongue. Not wanting to state the obvoius. what everyone already knew.
That the chances of finding a new world and relocating all humanity in time was slim to none.
That no one even had a plan for what to do even if the had the time and means necessary to relocate humanity to another world.

And Tom wouldnt dare question the captains orders for this space exploration program. They already new what motivated the captain.

They knew that deep down he couldnt accept that riding on his nephew's sholders was the one chance to save humanity.
And that the chance of Barry suceeding was slim to none.


------


Droplets of booze go flying onto the air as the beer glasses clash togethr.

The newly assigned space defense force (SDF) celbrated the nomination of their new commarade.
Alex one of the crewmates stood up on the long bard tabel and held up his glass. 
Lets have another round of applause for our Commrade Barry aka TekkaMan!

Tekkaman, tekkaman, tekkaman!

The comrades cheered before downing there drinks.

Hey waiter another round for all of us.

Young space pilot leaned back in his chair slowly sipping on his drink. A smug smile across his face.
Next to him sat the already inebriated, Krystal who slowy ran her fingers trhoug his long brown hair.

It might be difficult to tell from the scene the force held at the bar, but the men and woman who served in the SDF
were some of the militarys best and brightest soliders And even among them, young Barry gallager stood out as 
the eptime of the ideal solider. Interms of both physical and mental prowess, Barry was a top ranked. And his
achivements as a pilot directly showed his capicity for achivement. Some credits to his name included single handedly 
taking down a fleet of malfunction airship drones, interceeding a terrosit atack, and transporting a sawrm
of hostages. As such, it was only natural that Barry would be chosen to act as the test subject for 
// when do I want to introduce the waldarian emporer? Perhaps I should open on that very scene.
// After introducing the seen what happens? I still want to show the interaction between Robert on the ship.
// But I want the conversation to go different.

One of his fellow teammates came and afftentainatelt bumped Barry against the shoulder.
I always new you were a hero Barry, but siuper hero? I never fugured.

Barry closed his eyes. Looking quite comfortable as he sat leaned back in his chair, one leg tossed over the other.
Hero super hero space suit battle armor. I'll be whatever humanity needs me to be. All in a days work for a hero.

Krystal clearly inebrated teasingly punches barry should and crawls against him.
Look at you , hic, you get to test run some armor and all of the sudden you think youre superman.

Barryu smiles, and places his hand over krystals. 

All in a days service Barry replies.

// I feel so lost right now.
// I feel as though I have forgotten how to write a story. Where is this even going?
// just write for now keep writing.

Dont you think youre letting this get to your head? Barry. A collegue of Barry's Alex speaks.
You do know that the fate of humaity is riding on this dont you? What right do you have to be so at ease.
Especially given the nature of situation.

Barry smirks and opens an eye Emporer Waldaerian or terrosit group, an enemys an aenemy and I never fail to defeat my enemy..

----

Humanity as a whole stood in silance. Whenre people were they were all glued to the =re screens. Across all stations
And any where video could be coverged all eyes were fixed on the live footage.
Today was they day, one year ago. 
It had been exactly one day since the harold came down to earth and warned humanity of the coming of the Waladrian emporer.

The description was almost too absurd to beleive. And without a doubt no one would have believed the message had it not come 
from 



















































