uh, Earth to wendy?
 Elizabeth said snapping her fingers.

 Wendy breaks out of her daze and gives a nervous laugh. 
 Haha, yeah sorry you were saying? 

You were *heard* it again, didnt you?

Ah, no!

//Elizabeth, Wendy's only friend in th
---------------------------------
SCENES:
	Wendy hears a “ghost” in the school’s library
	Wendy talks to her (banshee)
	Wendy and her friend (Elizabeth Hubard) talk about the secret (that book).
	Wendy avoids going home
	Wendy’s father has a date over
	Wendy goes to her room and reflects
	Wendy wakes up and casts a spell
	Wendy walks outside and is approached by kids in her neighborhood
	Wendy goes to school to look for ghost if only for last time.
	Wendy finds Casper, but doesnt realize that he is a ghost.
	Casper is surprised
	Casper was crying Wendy stops to talk to him.
	Wendy finds out Casper is a Gdhost AFTER Casper learns Wendy is a witch.
	Wendy gets home late, understandably.
	Wendy is confronted by her father who accuses her of sleeping around, also he insults her weight.
	Wendy starts trying to help Casper’s soul find peace so he can pass on to heaven.
	They try various things (list some ies):
		*finishing a book.
		*learning to read.
	Wendy tries to learn more about Casper.
	He died () the school was built on the land his uncle's farm used to be on.
	Casper’s mother died and his father left him.
------------------------------------


* 	Wendy hears a “ghost” in the school’s library

Uhhhh, earth to Wendy. Elizabeth said and sanpped her fingers in Wendy's face.

Oh, ha-ha, Wendy awkwardly chuckled coming out of it and looking again at Elizabeth.

You heard it again, didnt you? 
Wendy rolled her eyes around nervoously. Uh,no?

Elizabeth and Wendy had stopped dead in their tracks; they stood in front of the exit of Jupiter middle school.
the bell had rung and studnts around manuevred around the duo as they made their way out. Easger to enjoy the long weekend.

Elizabeth paid them no heed. and elizabeth squinted her eyes as she focused on wendy.

Just thinking, huh? And what were you thinking about? Was it ghosts, per chance?

No no, wendy said nornvouly. She rattled the toy box of her inner mind trying to come up with an convincing alternative.
I was just thinking...about the ritual!
About the ritual? Oh, the spell?

Ritual. Wendy corrected her. Not exactly a spell. A spell always has an intention to effect the world around you. A ritual
is just a performance, a way to communicate with the divine. 
// good place to stop I need to figure out what wendy had invited Elizabeth to do. Some kind of ritual. That's the word I should use: ritual.
Uh huh. Elizabeth gave a unipired nod.

They started walking. Wendy slung her backpack over her shoulder  and gave it a proud slap, emphazizing it's fullness.
Are you excited, I'm ready to go straight to you place if you are ready. I'm sure if you wanted to stop by the smoothie shop before
heading home, I dont have any money right now, but I dont mind coming along. I'll just give you moreinformation in  prpearation 
for the ritual. I on,y gave you the bare monimum last time. But there's so much more to it!

Uh, huh. Elizabeth aknowledge somewhat exaperated.

Just then, as Elizabeth and Wendy approached the curb, a convertable pulled up several girls in there same grade started waving
At elizabeth of course.

hey, Liz, come on, you coming or what?

Elizabeth turned to Wendy, Hey wendy sorry I forgot I made plans to hand out with Emily and her friends tonight,
we're going Ice skating. Hope we can do the spell later?

Wendy both shocked and dispointed looked at the car and back at liz before forcing a smile
 forced herself to smile. It's no problem Liz. Yeah, can do the ritual later.

Without another word elizabth ran forward and hopped in the back of the convertbel. The girls slidng out of the way to make room for her.

The car pulled off the girls giggling as they sped forward. Wendy suspected some of the laughs might have bben directed at her,
not that would be anything new.

Wendy watched the car drive off forlornly. Wendy understood that things came up, and she had no trouble doing the ritual later.
But couldnt have liz asked wendy if she wanted to go?

It wasbt as if wendy expected it, but would it have killed Liz to invite Wendy once?
Not that she had any inteest in hanging out with a bunch of girly girls anyhow.

Wendy shook her head, the fact that a girl as popular as Liz would hang out with Wendy at all was something she was grateful for.
At jupiter middle school there werent exactly a lot of kids willing to a associate with a witch.

Wendy lloked back at the school grounds plotting her next step, it seemed that the plans for the evening had been changed.
But going home wasnt an option, and how could she waste this opprotunity to cast under the new moon? 
-------------------------
The school grounds had about cleared comepletely at this point 
// I missed the beat about the new moon.
Then wendy heard it again.

She turned back towards the school at could see the staff closing up for the day. 
On the outside, everything apppeared normal, at least to other people.
// i'd like wendy to find a bench to sit on or something. Maybe could work on a spell/tarot or something.
It was almost 5 pm, and most of the students had left at this point. The parking slowly emptied, and what few indivudals were there by
carried on as they normally do.

Not a single one of them could hear what wendy heard: the long lound haunting howl.
How it echoed from outside the school like the alarm system was off.

no matter how many times wendy heard it she couldnt bring herself to ignore it. How could she? With it's otherwordly howl,
the very sound of which shook wendy to her core.

Wendy frowned and looked at her phone to check the time.  
----------------------------

The sound of the rushing crowds subsided, leaving a desolotae parking lot in its place.
The school grounds had cleared and what few individuals were there consisted primarly of staff locking up doors and leaving for the day.

There was a lump in her throuat and she sat down her bag to cover her ears. She looked at the main enterance as the janitor shut the door 
for the day, carrying on as there was nothing unusual. To him there likely was nothing that seemed out of the ordinary.
Only wendy could hear it: The loud long ambient screech, its haunting, uneartlhy howl that eminated from the library.

Only she could hear the ghost that haunted Jupiter middle school.



---------

// Wendy goes out to the park in the woods.
// how does she prepare her spell? Does she light a fire?

A new moon.

Wendy looked up at the night sky a fresh ensusiaium.
She had been looking forward to this night for months now. // I'm just going to make stuff up for now. Get the feeling down. 
The new moon provided the height of magical power for a witch like wendy, at least for the type of spell she had planned to cast.
// I want to work on the throughline of the lonliness and the ghost. Right now things feel dijointed but that happens, doesnt it?

Looking around her she found herself deep in the woods, with the only company being the night sky. She had planned on using this location,
but had planned to be accompanied by Liz. Standing out in the woods by herself, wendy felt uneasy, but the sight of the new moon gave her a 
sense of renwed courage. She had a purpose, a divine one.

The appearance of a new moon marked the beggining of the next lunar cycle. It was a new beggining, and a good little witch like wendy 
knew that such a night was the opprotune chance to cast a such a spell: a spell that marked a new beggining.

 Wendy took from her bag a sereis of stones and ith them formed the star of David a holy symbol acknowledge by magic users.

 she took the insnse from her bag, hoolywood leavs, myrr, and a dash of cinnamon, wendy smiled as she took a long breath of the sweet herbs 
 before striking a match and light a candle to place on the center.
 in her palms she held two simple metal rings. she outstretched her open palms over the flam nd let the smoke putify the rings.

 One ring was for wendy and the other was for liz. At least it was going to be.

 Tonights spell the product of many hours of comtemplation of wendy was a ritual to both celebrate the beging of there friendship and
 to ask the goddess of the moon to bless and preserve it.

 Wnedy stretched her open palms outward to the moon goddess. 

 A subtle frown spread across wendys face. She had memorized the mantra, but now she wasnt sure.
 This was the spell to cast friendship but was Liz that friend. Here she was in the woods to cast a spell to bless a friendship 
 only one friend was not here. Wendy kept her palms outstretched and stared up to the moon pleadingly.

 A wish was on her lips, but she could not explain it.

 The longing for friendship with Liz or really just a friend of some sort, a friend who could understand her, who would need her like she
 needed a friend.

 Not to mention the haunting at her school!

 // I want to go back to something close to my original beggining. Liz is quite vexed about wendy hearing the ghost, and they discuss it.

 // It becomes clear through their conversation about the ghost that Liz is quite vexxed, only humors wendy, and wendy is quite obseessed.
 // Wendy wants to stop bringing up the ghost she fears it is pushing Liz away. It only makes her more strange.

 Her firnedship with Liz, if liz even was her firnd, her need for a friend, not to mention the hauntinng at school.
 Wendy stared into the night sky pleadingly.

 What could she ask the moon godess for? What should she ask?

 She took a deep breathe and dropping her script spoke from her soul.
// let me be a friend, to someone in need.  to let the lonely time end, so mote it be!
 

 -- Later that noght or the next day.

 // Does wendy wake up? Or does she go home late? 
 If she goes home late, the scene settles down. 
 If she wakes up, then we carry on to Wendy leaving to the school and meeting the kids 
// I'll go with the later.

Wendy rubbed at her eyes. She felt

Feeling wide-awake she stood up from her bed. looking out the blinds she observed the darkness outside. She turned to her clock 3:35am.
much earlier than she planned to get up, perhaps it was divine providence.
Feeling wide awake she went ahead and got out of bed. turning to her small cubby desk she turns on her lamp and lights a stick of insence
matching for an early saturday morning. She pulls out a small wooden box with a symbol engraved on it; she consoles her orcale.

from the box, she retrieves her oracle. old worn cards of tarot. From the sun tained backs and faded ink the cards seemed especially old.
To wendy, this age only enhanced her estimation that these thin cards contained much wisdom.

circuling thestck around the deck, to incase it in a ring of smoke. Wendy annoited her oracle, and placed her palm on her deck. Closing her eyes she
focused. On her desire. 
Oh, oracle, wendy said. You know what lies ahead of me today, please give me wisdom for what ever lies ahead of me today.
She shuffled her deck and spilt the deck in half one last time. She drew the card.
Two of Cups in reverse.

Two of Cups? wendy furrowed her brow and focuesed on it's art. The card depicted two persons thought to be lovers exchanging their grails in 
contened expressions shown on there faces. 
The card symbolzed partenership, compatibility, love, engagement.

Now wendy drew the reverse of this, the card upside down. In tarot, to draw a card upside down changed the way in which an individual was to interpret the symbol.
Typically, the reverse of a card suggested a reading which was opposite or at the very least complementary to the card's typical meaning.

Wendy sat the card down and frowned as she pondered this.

The opoosite of partenship, the reverse of paretenship of peace a need. Wendy frowned.
So is tarot suggesting lonliness? She chuckled. She didnt need to consult an oracle to know that.

She picked up her book on tarot meanings and tumbed throught the pages till she reched the page on the two of cups. 

The two of cups can also mean a need to focus on one's relatonshoip to ones self...

What could this me?
While never questioning or unaappreciating of the wisom reveled by the cards, wendy sighed as she read this.
It seemed an unfortunate omen. Lonlieness.... An omen that she would meet anyone during her secret misson to the library today?

She sighed. But after putting away her cards determindly started packing her things anyway. She slipped on her old red hoodie which she wore everyday.
And slung her heavy bag over her sholder. It was still early but the early the better for seeing to her mission today. 

Silently she crept out of her room, into the living area. Hereing a sharp metalic, crunch under her feat Wndy observed the empty beer bottles strewn across the floor.

Walking by the sofa she found David miserably spead out across the sofa. bottle still in hand.

I guess the date didnt go well huh?
Wendy said her voice  tinged with a saddened disgust.

She shifted her pag and silently slipped throught the door.

2.

Wendy walked down the street for 20 minutes. As the sun crept up the sky, the clouds became ornaments on a canvas of all shades from 
vilet to red

The heavy set bag weighed down on Wendys shoulders. She constantly shifted around the straps to avoid the heavy strain.
The jupiter middle school was not the closest school nearby, but after an unfortiunate bullying incident two years ago, 
It was selected as wendys best choice when entering middle school.

At any rate, the walk would take an hour, but at least at this point wendy was halfway there. 
Her plan required stleath and so required an early start.
// I forgot the scene where wendy decides to try to locate the ghost once and for all.
Wendy was lonely wendy was after all different from most girls her age.
When wendy first met Liz she couldnt imagine that Liz was anything more than a case study.
An animal to be studied. Nerdious outcastus. A rare speciemen.
// I think I get the distance now, the narration sounds nothing like wendy. The narrator is not wnedy.
// What would different style of narration feel like?

Over time, however, Wendy was suprised to find what she thought was something like a kindred spirit in Liz.
Liz had been thrileed to meet a real witch, and wendy was peased as a peach to have someone to share her knowledge
of all things magical with. 
Not that there where never times where Liz seemed bogged down with Wendy's diatirbes into the paranormal.
It seemed to be going more or less well until Wendy started hearing it. and it seemed to be the fina straw.

It was only three months ago but to wendy it felt almost the like something that had plagued her for years.

The shrieking haundt that echoed through out the school towards the cloe of everyday.
The earthereal  howl that echoed from the schools library.

Wendy had practiced whichcraft from a young age, that tradition along with her worn red hoodie, were the sole possessions left to wendy by her mother.

Wendy had prectised the craft in isolation from a young age, and while she liked to believe she had had her fair share of experiences 
that touched upon the ordinary there was never something so sudden that gripped her.

Wendy had bothered to ask and as far as she could tell she wwas the only one in all of Jupiter who could hear thte dicrete howl.
As clear as a bell. The sound so distinnct and unlike anything wendy had ever heard.

Even wendy began to doubt when she found that Liz could not hear it. Here hearing was perfectly normal as far as she and the school nurse could tell.
It took wnedy some time to realize that only she could here the sound and that it wasnt all part of some elabort prank to 
mence the wicked witch.

Wendy would spend an hour in the library after school everyday, casting spelss trying to make contact.

A sound so ethereal so other worldly, could only belong to a ghost. 
A banshee she reasoned. A sort of disembodied ghost.

Wendy did her research, and attemtoed all known ways to soothe and communicate with such an apprition. To no avail.

The daily attempts at communication wore down Wendy, and ironically, only served to further isolate her.

Well, I'm going to go ahead and head home wendy. See you whenever... Liz would say. Unammused by Wendys growing fixation on the ghost
// I want to open the story with wendy staunchly trying to deny any interest in the ghost and Liz vexxed by the whole ordeal.

Everyday, ghost this haunt that. I really think you should see an ear doctor wendy. Or a psychologist at the very least.
Wouldnt ear doctor be the very least.

Wnedy had three main theories: 1) the ghost hell bent on tormenting specifically wendy,
3) she evidently had a superior doglike sense of hearing whch allowed here to hear things normal humans couldnt
4) there was something the ghost wasnt ready to communcate yet or was unleast undecided on what to say next
Well, and there was always the possibilty that she had just lost her marbles 
But for now, 3 was her working theory.

As far as wendy knew she had done everything possible to inititiate communcation with a banshee.
It was ultimately up to the ghost the make the next move.
Though wendy liked to think of herself as patient, the past months had been draining, and the concern with Liz
had been the final straw. Wendy was going to wait in the library all day if she had to, and if the ghost didnt have anything to say.
She was just going to ignore it from now on.

15 minuetes away from the school and the sun was already high in the sky. The sun started beating down and wendy was glad to know she'd be out of the sun soon.

Not far from the school wendy walked with her eyes to the ground as she contemplated her next move.

The first step would be to slip into the library. Wendy was comfident she'd find a way to do this as there was a series of doors that wendy knew were routinely
unlocked througout the school. 
The next move however still questioned wendy. How would wendy provoke the ghost to comminucate.
The specture was on a timeline, would it be fair to let it know this was the last chance? Or perhaps wendy had been to forceful.
Walking into the library casting spells attempting to communicate, perhaps listening and being receptive would be the best course of action.
Wendy contemplated these things, till a plastic wheeel ran direclty acroess her front foot.

And wendy shrieked out more from shock than in pain. catching herself from falling over Wendy looked up toe find her selof face to face with the culprit.

A small boy on a blue hollow plastic tricycle.

uh, heelo?
The boy stopped in front of wendy and stared at her blankly as he sloppiky sucked on a lolipop that seemed to be about as large as his head.

He kicked the peddle and the fron wheel was agin over wendy foot.

Hu, thaats my foot you know?
Wendy oulled back her foot and crept down to look at the boy.
Can you talk yet? The boy was very young looking to be about 4 or 5. Getting a better look at the Boy Wendy realized who it was 
// wendy is very affectionate towards young kids.
oh, its you! wendy smiled do you remember me?

Wendy bent over to picked the boy, who immediately grabbed hold of wendy as if she were his mother.
The intense stickines of his little fingers could be felt even throun wendys heavy jacket.

It's me wnedy! I babysat you and your older brother. Do you remember me?
// If wnedy is in middle school she isnt old enogh to baby sit.
Just as wendy said this, the sound of wheels dragged through gravel sounded and wendy looked around to find herlf surround 
by a formidable group of first graders. And from the look on their faces, they seemed less than hospitable.

Let my brother go you witch!

Wendy smiled, Hey Alex, how are you wendy said smiling?

I'm ok Alex said casually before shaking his head and looking at the other kids around him.
But but I need you to put my brother down. He isnt an ingreinet for you took cook in your witch's coauldron.

Are you sure she's a witch? a girl Madeline said next to Alex and pistione don her own trike.

She sure doesnt look like a withh. Dont witches have green skin and ride around on brooms?

// How will I introduce the boy who wants to hunt the ghost?

Wendy laughed still holding onto alexs brother. and shook her head.

No, no, real witches dont have green skin and fly aroudn on brooms. 
Witches dont need to look any sort of way to be witches.

So is it true that your a which? One of the other kids who had been silent spoke.

You bet! Wendy said with a sense of pride, much to shock of the children.

Can you cast spells? 
Everyday, wendy replied.

Well... Went madeline.. Why dont you cast a spell right now? That'll prove if youre a real witch or not.
Yeah cast a spell.
Make Timothy disapear, then tht'll prove if youre a real witch of not.

Wendy chuckled, exasperated.
But werent you trying to prevent me using my witchcraft on timothy?

Only make him disapear till it's time to go home, Alex said. Then you can bring him back.

I could defintely cast a spell, Wendy said, but I dont have time today, I'm in a bit of a hurry. And she sat timmy down next to his trike.

Were you headed off anyway Alex demeand.

Well, if you must know, I'm looking for a ghost.

Gohst?! The children gasped in unison.

Like a haunted mansion.

Library actually.

Like a white legless blanket over its head spook?

Probably not but I couldnt say for sure.

The they type of monster thatll posses you and control your soul forever?

Wendy shuddred. I hope not, she thought.

Wendy stepped forward and and placed her hand over her chest.
As a witch, she said, I see it as my duty to act as an itememidiary between the human world and the super natural.

// how can I introduce the ghost hunter boy? Is it alex? maybe, his little brother has been getting
// all the attention, and he thinks finding a ghost will bring him attention.

Alex squinted his eyes at wendy in skeptical fashion. 
Yeah, he scoffed, but what exactly makes you think you found a ghsot anyway, have you ever seen a ghost?

Well.. uh.. no wendy admitted. But the signs are all there! I'm a witch after all!
I have a sixth sense about these things.

A witch who cant cast spells, Alex repeated. 

Make timmy disapear he demanded
// maybe the other kids could explain to wendy that alex is grumpy that his little brother is getting all the attention
// or perhaps alex could get his own chapeter 

Well I need to get going Wendy said, rembering her mission.

The kids started heading while Alex stayed behind with a careful eye he watched wendy as she headed down the street.
// heres my issue: i'm not emeressed in the story.

One of Alex's friends Emily, stopped turning back she said, you coming alex? 

But alex didnt hear, in his head he envisoned himself, Alex the ghost hunter.
What if wnedy was ine to something? What if he could be there one to discover the ghost and reveal it to the world?

Hey, Emily, you mind watching timmy for a while? I want to go check on something...



--  Wendy goes to school to look for ghost if only for last time

Wendy's heavy bag made a loud thump as she dropped it on the ground before the school.

She had finally ariived. Exected she wiped her her sleeve against the drops of sweat on her 
forehead. Already exerted, but wendy realized she didnt have time to waste. Now was the real work to be done.
Step one of which was in fultrating the school's library.

She walked around the schhool yard to heaed to the door she had thought was left open.
She leaned forward to open the door when it flew open. Wendy shot back to avoid being hit.
For a split second she worried that her mission would be postponed but was realized when she was met with a familar face.
It was the school's janitor Janny.

Oh, Wendy, Glad to see you! He said and his bright smile somehow managed to increase the the wrinkles on his aged face.

Despite being a new student to Jupiter, wendy had know janny for as long as she could remember.
// Change school name to Harvey
He had been the janitor of wendy's middle school as well.

Headed to the library Wendy.

Janny said with a wide smile. 

haha.. I laughed nervously, Well I'm just walking around but if you wouldnt mind.

Janny, had let me stay late in the library a few times.
Even letting me stay past close saying just to make sure the door closes behind me.
I always just tell Janny I'm staying late to study and he seems more that welcoming to allow me.

Janny puts down his broom and I follow him inside.

He pulls the large ring of keys of off his waist and opens the libary door.

Stay as long as you'd like Wendy. Janny says eagerly.

It does my heart good to see a student working so hard Janny says as I place down my heavy bag of books.

I tell Janny I'm just studying at the truth is that while my reading hasnt been related to homework, I have been doing a fair share of research.

I sit down at one of the tables seated down at the center of the library and take out my notebook.

Janny starts making his wauy to the door.

I imagine you might be hear late Wendy janny says, just dont be working too hard. A girl your age needs to make time for her friends as well.

I drop my head down. Thanks Janny, haha to be honest, I like spending time alone with books.
Janny smiles, oh I you wont be here alone wnedy // I dont like this 

I finish pulling out my things and janny makes his way to the door.

Opening my book, I sgtared to read. Aticipating I might be here a while. The library door opens and I here janny call out.
Well, we all need someone to talk to at sometime, I turn my head to the door but see that Janny had already closed it behind him 
as he is nowhere to be sceen.

and return to my book before setting it back down.

"We all need to talk to somebody, when were ready.."

// what is something janny could say that eludes to the ghst?
// indicate that there might be someone else around?

- Wendy Wakes up in the library

Thump.

Ah
I jot my head up awake when one of the many heavy volumes I brought wirth me falls off the table.
I sit up, and see scarlet rays of light beaming through the window. Sundown already.
I sigh with a deep feeling of defeat. 10 hours...
I'd been sitting here to no avail.

I look despondent at the volmuios notes of letters scribbled into my notebook.
Nothing legible. All attempts at communicating with the ghost seem to have been fruitlesss.
I obviously have no nack for mediumship. 

I step up and peer out the window towards the school parking lot. Not a single car or human soul in sight.
It then appears to me how lonely I feel within the library. a cold sensation shivers through my body and I rub my eyes for warcmth.

I cant stay here much longer I guess. I'm sure david will interegate me if I stay here too late.
I sigh, looking at the setting sun. Well I defintely gave it the old college try...

I look around the empty library sentimentally. 
Despite the lack of paranormal activit`y I still cant doubt it.
It's beyond rational explanation, but for reasosn I cant explain I know deep in the depths of my soul that somewhere inside this library.
There is a ghost, a sould, a supernatural enityt calling out pleading to be heard. But for whaterver reason not heard today.

A sympathetic smile spreads across my face and I decide to take a fial stroll around the musty beige metal shelves before leaving for the day.

I look at our schools modest collection of books under the section labled folklore.
I giggle when I see the mostly emptied shelf. As it stands most of the volumes that typically rest there are inside my back pack.

I decide to go ahead and grab my books from off of the table and start placing them on the shelf.
I'm figure I might as well do the librarian a favor, Emily. She's the only person who works in this library. I'm suprised she doesnt spend 
all day putting books away. I cant imagine how she does it.

I put away the volumes and placing down the final following the order indicated on the spine, I sit up and wipe my hands,
I think I'm doing it right. I stand up and wipe my hands.
// Wendy needs to have her books present to show casper. Well actually that comes later, when wendy knows casper is a ghost.

Heading to the door I take one last look at the library.
I smile. I start to think about the ghost haunting this library. How long had they been here?
How long had they even waited till someone came by who could hear them.
I thought about how long they might have waited. And here I was about ready to give up on the ghost.
I realize how selfish I'd been, to think of only myself. When I should have been here for the lonely lost soul.
"Whenever you want to talk... I'll be ready"


I say and start making my way out the door when it catches my attention.
The ambient howl, the ereal tune, the otherworldly song.

It's here. And it''s not just here its here, here.
As loud as ever, and for the first time I can pin point it. I dash into the darkened library almost tripping over one of the small seats.
I look up its coming from the second floor of the library, over in the section with all the picture books.
I get closer and start making my way through the shelves, I turn my head. There I say. I can hear it coming from behind one of the books 
shelves the area where all the picture books are.

The closer I get to the source of the noise the clearer it becomes. I creep forward and with every inch I make towards the shel the 
howl... it starts to lose its other worldly quality.
becoming less vibrant less myterious and more... Human?
It human. I approach the shelf and can here the heavy breathing the subtle wimpering a shiver comes 
through my body as I listen to the strained breathes. I realize I am not in the library alone. There is another person in the library in here with me.

It takes a real witch to feel more afraid of a huamn that a ghost.

My legs jolt and I have to fight the urge to run out of the library immediately,
but I cant stop now. After all this time after all time spent trying to find the source of this haunt.

EVen if it is just somebody who broke inside the libary and has been hiding here. I have to at least get a glane 
I have to at least take a look at the owner of this voice.
I have to see with my own eyes What ever lies behind that shelf is.
As silent as a mouse I bend down onto my knees in the darkend library.

And slowly slowy peer past the bookshelf

I squint my eyes to make out the figure in the dimly lit library. Do my eyess deceive me?

I see a boy... A boy about my age... and he's cryig...

Hundled into the corner. He pressing his chest against his knees. Shaking he he whimpers violents its a pathetic sight.

I feel so diarmed by his feeble appearance that without even think I stand and walk past the shelf.

the the boy lloks up briefly and looks in my direction, strangely he pays me no mind and continues his maning.
As if my appearance means nothing to him.
What a strange boy I think and take in his freatures.

His hair is light blonde like mine as before I dyed it. and long enough on the sides to reach the nip of his neck.
His skin is rudy and slightly freckled as if he spends many hours in the sun.

his clothing is stangre. A worn plaid shirt with even ruddier slacks held up by suspends that run up his back and across his shoudlers.

He looked like a boy straight out of a farmers story book.
Curious about the boy a take a few steps forward, still quielty.

I begin to wonder why such a boy is doing in this librayr so late.

Then it occurs to me, is this boy lost? Homeless?
The pieces are starting to come together.
Perhaps this boy had ran away from home. And he'd been hiding in the library after school. 

the the boy lloks up briefly and looks in my direction, strangely he pays me no mind and continues his maning.
As if my appearance means nothing to him.

He remains in his slumped position. Showing no indication of moving feeling more at I approach the boy.

Hey... I let out weakly but he pays no mind
// maybe casper is mumbuling something under his breathe? Going on about something
// Wendy thinks what casper is saying is pathetic not that his appearance is pathetic

Hey. I speak more loudly. I get no response.
He continues mumbling under his breath "..."
Is it possible he cant hear me?
I lean down towards the boy and lean foward hey I say again and wave at him slowly
// casper is sitting at a table
This time he looks at me, in disbelief

yoo-hoo I smile and continue waving.
he looks behind himself almost as if he expects to see someone there then back at me.
Yes, you I m talking to you.

You were crying... I say and sit across from him at the table. Is everything ok?...

He stares at me wide eyed his eyes puffy from his earlier tears.

He looks back behind himself then back to me.. He does this a few more times before 
finally opening his mouth.
you can see me? his says as he points his shaking finger towards himself.

I cant help but laugh. I cant help but find The boys nervousness and shock funny, 
yes I can see you. I giggle.

He waves his hand in a slow methodical manner. I raise my hand to follow his I lean forward to clap his hand but he qucikly widrws.

But how can you see me?

Because i have eyes? I say still laughing at the ruddy boys shock.

he puts his hand to his chins and seems to deeply ponder this.

Amusment aside, I remember the state of the situation and my smile  turns cold as I think on the sitiuation of this 
gritty, despondent boy.

* BEAT : Wendy finds Casper in a distressed state
You were crying earlier.. I say
Who me? he says defensively and rbus his sleevs across his eyes.
I think I just had something in my eye. He straightens his body as a sort of macho facade pails over.

It must be a sensitve topic. Just about anyboy would feel ashamed to be seen crying and I cant imagine this one is any exception.

So... What are you doing here the boy says seeming to want to schange the subject. Do you uh come to the library often?

Yes I say curiously, thrown of by the boys akward attempt to change the topic.

I want to ask the boy all the improtant questions why is he here, how long he's been here, if he needs a place to go.
But I resist the urge. After all, this boy is in all likliehood in a rather strange situation.
Who am I to him that he would reveal hi secrets so quickly.

I take the bait I'm willing to follow this conversation whereever its headed.

I'm a student here, I say you?

I'm not sure... He says apearing confused. I think I used to be.

How do you not know, I respond.

I think I used to be?

Used to be?

This boy couldntg be older than me, for all I know he could be younger.

whats your name he asks again chnging the subject.

Wendy... Good.

Your last name is good? he says.

Yeah, its my mothers last name its what I prefer to go by anyway.

You dont go by your fathers last name? He says suprised.

I shake my head, My father isnt around. 
Casper gives a long pause I'm sorry.. he says his face filled with genouine sympathy
At that moment I relaize something about this boy. He might be socially akward and easily frightend.. but he's he has a kind heart.

// do you lie books? // casper doesnt know how to read. 6/7/24

Well?

Well?

Whats your name

Oh, he gasps seeming to remember his original question.
My name is Casper. Casper McFadden.

Casper huh? I say and smile. Thats a cute name. Casper blushes at this even redder than he was before and averts his eyes.
Mcfadden ... hmm I muse. That a pretty unusual name. Cant say I ever heard a name like that before.

its weird isnt it? casper says embarsessed. 
Its unique I say. I love it?

Really? yeah, I rpely. Unique things are the best thungs about us.

I turn my head from side to side and lean forward.

Come hear I'll tell you a secret.
Casper leans his long scrwny body over the table anticpiation writen upon him.

Theres actually another reason I'm here: I'm on a secret mission...
a mission for what? 
/// going with another plan

So, Casper... I say searching again for the words. Is everthing alright? You seemed pretty stressed when I first saw you.

oh, casper gasps and composers himself he looks away and thinks for a moment. I guess i was thinking about a lot.. He lets out.
His voice trailing.

Hoping to lighten the mood I look to casper wait right here I say I'll be right back.

Casper waits patiently as I run back to grab my bag and drop it on the table.

the heavy bag makes a loud thud as I place it on the table. Unzipping it, I start to pull out my my things.
Around the table I place a series of candles and from trusty pocket if my hoodie I pull out my trust wany which I flick 
about aove the flames make them dance with every flick of my wrist.

Casper sits back hey... what are you doing he says wide eyed.

I'm going to cast a spell.

A spell!? he exclaims. bbbut hhow can you cast a spell.

OH I realize, I duidnt tell you did I? I'm a witch.

A witch! casper shoots up and falss to the floor.

He lands on his back and starts to crawl backward.

So jumpy . I step forward and place my wand on the table.

A witch your a witch! he exclaims back ing up to the wall that explains everything thats why you can see me.

I place my wand on the table and raise my hands up pleading. Looks casper, we dont have to cast a spell.
I didnt know it would scare you look I put the wand down already.

having reached up the tha wall casper curls into a bacll and hands over his head returns to his original hysterics.

A witch! a witch! I should have know. Oh now what if she takes my sould waht if she sends me to the underworld, Or worse.

Wahts even worse than the underworld? I 

The mumbling continues as casper curls into a ball.

And just when I thought this was someone I could talk to.

A witch a witch, I should have known after all this time to think...

I look down at the boy, Casper, I'm still so confused by it all.
Is this really the source of the noises I'd been hearing? 

The etherail howls that echoed from the library everyday? 
Could casper have caused that?
And perhaps more importandly , how long had casper been here anyway?
Stood up from the table and inched my way slowly towards the nervous casper.

What if there was a ghost? What if there still is a ghost?
What the specture trying to help me find this boy? How had nobody else ever seen him.

Perhaps... perhaps that was it. This is the first time I've seen casper, I seen casper.
But maybe the same isnt true of others people. This scruffy distressed boy. How many times had he been in the same shape I'd seen him in before.
As I look at the boy in his frantic state, I cant bring myself to imagine that this boy has someone to reach out to when in need.
You must be all alone just like me... I say under my breath to the unrecogniving casper.
Perhaps that's why the specture thought to bring us together.

I reach down and to take caspers hand to get him to stand...

Look casper I'm really-sorry its--

I'm stunned to silence as my hand passes right through his.

BEAT : Wendy FInds Casper is a Ghost

-- 	Wendy gets home late, understandably.
// So I am changing this scene. The next scene opens up on the next day sunday with wedny headed to the library.
SHe is going to explain to casper why he is here and share her plans to help hom.

BEAT : Wendy Explains to Casper his soul needs to find peace

// here is where I really want to re-write what I wrote.

-- Scene: Wendy Trys to Find Casper's unfiniushed Business.


As I arrive to the librar drenched in swet. I amke a lod thud as I drop my heavy bag on the library table and start 
Un loading my bags of its volumouns contents.

I look over at casper who is gazing at me from a distance in nervous anticipation.

Are you ready casper?

He gives a slight nod and begins to form a question before a lump in his voice seems to deprive him of his voice.

Good I say, and crack open one of my books.
Cause I have a lot of questions to ask you, I sit at the table across from the chair I pulled out for Casper as he takes a seat as well.

I lay out a notepad. Listen casper some of these questions may be difficult to talk about, and you dont have to 
any you dont want to but the more trust you can put in me the better I am able to help you

Casper figits looking iuncertain before nodding in assent.

Good I say again.

He stares at the books piled up on the table and a strange expression comes over his face I'm not quote sure what to make of.

You read all these books? He said.
I nod. I did a lot of research casper. about ghosts when I started hearijng you casper. 
The moment I suspected that there was a ghost in this library.
I looked into everything I could find related to hauntings, so that I could find a way to help you pass on.

You did al this.. for me. He says as a tender expression come sacross his face. He looks over at me making eye contact but only for a momet.

Of course I say, plasing my hand across my chest with pride. As a witch, It is my duty to communicate with paranormal entites such as yourself.
We are intemietaries between the natural world and what lies beyond it.
para...normal..?

Casper says slowly as if he'd neved heard the word before.

Things beyoond the normal: spectures, magical occurances, nature spiritys, and of course, lost ghosts such as yourself.

I say and playfully tap my finger against casper forehead allowing my finger to pass through, just to drive home the point.

Casper looks uneasy, but I suppose its a natural reaction to this unnatural situation. 

I click my pen and gaze at casper ready to note his respones to the Ghost questionre tm. Lets begin .
Casper sits up straight and attentive. The whole thing feels very formal, like a jonb interview. Which is an apt description of the situation.

 Now, casper, it is common knowleged by a ghost of a once living human a ghost such as yourself is always caused by the deceased having some
 unfinished business in the world. Something was left undine, unsaid. The ghost you were unable to pass on 
 // casper doesnt want to pass on he is afraid to.
 Because you had been unable to make peace with some situation before you passed on. Our first order of business is to find your 
 unishined busness so that we can help your soul pass on in peace.

 I look at the still attentive casper. All the information seems very new and suprising to him.
 I guess nobody takes the time to explain these things to you when you pass on. 

 Now casper, what unifihed busness did you have left in life?

 Casper thinks and pauses. what do you mean.

 Like what unfishied busness did you have? Like was there anything you didnt do before you passed on that you still think about.

 Caspe thinks on this a long while.

 I never found the missing button to my trousers. He stands and displays the still missing button.

 Okay... I say... And how do you feel about that button.. Where do you think you left it?

 I-I dont know. Casper says. These clothes were hand me downs. 
 I dont think I ever had the button.

 Okay would you like a new button? I could brong one here. 

 Casper shrugs his shoulders. my close are like the rest of me. I dont think you'd be able to pin anything to them.

 Would you be about peace then? Would it help you if you had another button, though?

 I dont really care casper said frankly

this is going to take a while I think.

I go down the list of questions.

Time and date of death. I look up to casper whos seems eager for the next question.

Casper at what time... I stop mid-sentence unable to bring myself to ask him such a blunt question.

Time of what? Caspers repeats.

I shake my head.

I just need to know what you remember. 

What I remember? Oh like how I died?

Casper says, frankly. I'm suprised of all things he is able to talk about this with little emotion.

I fell into the river, Casper says.

You drowned?

He nods.

Casper, I'm so sorry. I say trying to confort him.

he shakes his head. Dont worry. It isnt your fault.

casper says and there is a silence.

what on the day it uh happened were you trying to do. did you have any regrets.

Caspers thinks not reallly nothing I can think of... I was waiting for someone at the river and while I was waiting I fell down.

Well is there anything else you rmember wanting?

casper thinks again. I wanted to be rich he says vainly.

Rich ok.... I say. Not sure if I could help you with that. And who doesnt want to be rich?

Did you feel like you couldnt pass on before you became wealthy?

I ask him. again casper shakes his head. I never expected I'd become rich he syas. I just wished I was. Part of me ven now does he says with a smile.
Though I guess I dot have much use for money now do I?

This isnt really going anywhere I think. and as I think my eyes wander around me.

Heay, I say, why did you chose to haunt this library? I say. and notice casper wince as I use the word haunt.

Why do I haunt this library? he says and I notice him wince as he says the word haunt. Making me almost regret I sued the word.

I really cant say. casper says. 

// I just fell in one day. casper says.

// maybe wendy can ask casper about his death then about his unfinsied business.

heh, he gives a light chuckle. Strange for me to be stcuk in a library of all places, considering the fact I never learned to read.

My eyes grow wide
and casper looks suprised.

What I say?

Thats it! I exclaim.

He still looks puzzeled. 

It all makes sense. Thats why you possessed this library. You never learned to read! And you wanted to learned.

Casper puts his finger to his chin. Do you... Really think thats it? he says quitely. as the words roll off 
his lips he seems convinced.

I guess that would make a lot of sense.

Well, Casper I say, I'm not exactly this schools top student but I'm more than capable of teaching you how to read
if you let me.

Casper frowns. I didn't see the point now  he says, meekly. Given I'm already dead....
Plus, I dont think there any point in me reading anyway.
All the McFadden family is good for is working the farm and plowing fields, my uncles used to say that.
And I wasnt even good at that! My uncles told me that too. 
Dense as rocks they used to scold me.

Look, casper
I reach out to take capser hands in mine, only for them to pass through.

He looks up at me with a face that seems to say told you so.

I lean forward, look casper, The whole reason youre here is cause you werent able to make peace. 
It has nothing to do about being alive or dead, youre still here, arent you? in spirit, you can still see me, hear me Cant you?

Casper raises his eyes to meet mine.
Casper looks intrigued. 

Witches like me know the distinctions between alive and dead are only clear to people who dont know the full story.

But the reason your soul is here in this library is because there was still something you had to learn..  // change this
If you'd be will to learn casper, 0I'd love to teach you!

Casper thinks long and hard on this. He gives a faint smile, well, I dont know see the point, but...
If you really want to.

He raises his face and for the first time that day meets my eyes.

I'd thank you wendy, thank you.


--------

// Where do I want to go with the next scene?
// I think I'll skip ahead in time.
// Casper and wendy are havig a teaching seession and casper is starting to make real progress.
// Wendy gets hime late and is approaced by david.

// Wendy has her next session with casper and finds he is upset. 
// Casper reveals that he isnt sure he's ready to go.
// Does he tell wendy he loves her? 
// That would move the story along faster.
// If I need to flesh the scenes out more I can always do that .




---- Here, I'd like to go to the scene where Wendy gets home late.


R-r-rod. Caspers looks up at me nervously, waiting for my approval.
I just give him the subtle nod of approval I know casper is waiting for.

He looks down at the book and traces across the letters with his fingers as he sounds out the letters that only a 
month ago seemed so foreign to him.

Tod got a cod with his rod.

He points at the picture an looks to me with a nervous smile.

I smile. Thats it!

Casper look at you! You finished you first book all by yourself.

Casper's face blushes bright red. I'm not sure about that he says and palces his arm against the back of his head.
I'm still looking at you after every few words just to make sure I'm saying them right.

oh, poppycock I say. Speaking a word I heard casper use nonchilantly just a week ago. I pushed my had towards his shoulder playfully 
only to see it pass through. iteractions like this have become a bit of a loke to us now.

You should be proud of yourself casper. You've been working really hard.
And the truth is he has. Every day before I leave the library I would leave a picture of the alphabet and a story book open on the table.

Not being able to hold the book casper is left just to read what I leave him.

If I was in caspers situation I would feel disheartened. Casper, however, seems just as diligent as the most motvated student.

When I first started teaching casper
When casper said he didnt know how to read... That was an understatemnet.
When we first started, casper knew how to spell his name and a few simple words, but that was about it.
But now Casper seems to to have a pretty good understanding of the alphabet. At least for the most part.

Well, I'm not sure if I could even do it without you wnedy. I still struggle with some of the letters
like the 'b's and 'd's. Theyre so easy to confuse.

I think so Casper, I say. I'm sure you'll get better at it though with more practice.

He smiles.

I'm sure youll be reading Shakespere in no time! Casper!

Casper laughs but no the thought occurs to me.

Hey, casper, what do you think? Now that your able to read? 

Like what about it?

Well, how do you feel? Do you feel at peace per chance? I say rasing an eyebrow.

Casper places his hand to his chin in thought. I guess I feel better yeah, better wendy.

It's nice to now how to read. He says. Though not that I'm even be able to read these books. Not unless you turn the pages for me.

And yet... You're still here.

Casper frowns. Yes, he says. sadly. almost as if he was guilty. I guess I am.

I look around the library.

I thought that was there reason you're here. I say. In this library. So you could learn to read.

As far as casper is concerned he went from being ileterate to being a full fleged reader. 
He may not be ready for high school level books but if that was the issue... Why is his sould still attached to this library.

Hey, Casper, I say to the guilty ghost who had his head turned down.

Can you think of any other reason youd be here in this library?
You said you didnt go to school here right?

I didnt go to school casper says bluntly. 
I jsut worked on the farm my uncles owned. They said I had no business going to school if I was just going to work the farm.

Did you ever want to go to school?...

Casper thinks. I mean sure I did I thought abput it, but I figured the same thing with reading. 
I figured What was the pint if Ii was just going to alway work on my uncles farm.

I think on this Casper but did you want to work your uncles farm?

Casper seemes suprised when I ask him this and he struggles to find the answer despite being a very obvious no.

Well, I dodnt want to. I put put my pen down on the questionearie and sit next to casper.
Casper, I say, why dont you tell me.

Tell me more about you.

I'd love to learn.

// I forgot I did this.
// Wendy and casper have a heart to heart off camera.
// What is and isnt reveled during that time?
-----

- SCENE: Wendy is scolded by David

I finally get home late around 10pm.
I slip through the door way as silently as possible. David's home but if I'm quite I should avoid waking him up.
Thankfully, he works very early and is always asleep at this time of noight.

I slowly cloe the door behind me and start creeping towards room.

Home late again wendy. I look to my side I failed to notice David, who was siitng on our old arm chair drink in hand.

Late night at the library again his says with a scoff. With your frind right?

Yes.. I say bitijng my tongue before I say anything further. From davids tone I can only imagine he's thinking all sorts
of wrog things.

Without a doubt, a boy,, right? Well you do take after your mother after all.

At the mention of mom, I stop in my tracks, I turn an look at david. Mother has been gone 11 years and yet there hasnt been
a day I've spoken to David that he hasnt had something awful to say about her.

I hear the sound of a beer can crumble and David lights a cigeratte.

Your mother liked to stay out lights nights with boys too I guess you come by that naturally he says.

Casper isnt just some boy, David, I say with emphasis which doesnt seem to reach David. He's my friend and he needs my helo
you have the wrong Idea, I say. Tears welling me eyes.

David leans forward and raises his voice. Then Why doesnt casper come over here? Himm he sighs.

Casper casnt he cant be here?

David raises an eyebrow. Why? Cause I might find something out about this casper you dont want me to?
Cause you dont want  e to find out what you two do together?

No, David, I say glaring. 
You have no idea what youre talking about. I say.
Casper's just a sweet boy going through a hard time I say. And I could bring him here I would.

David just leans back in his chair unamussed. Hey none of your business, right? David says with a sour tone.
Like it or not wnedy, I am you father, and after your mother left me with you you became my responsibilty.

I-dont expect you to appreciate that our to actually listen to anything I say, but I have to at least ask.
David iummediately turn from me and picks up the remote to turn on the TV.

I stand in place. I'm tired of this tired of these accustaions against me tired of him saying such awful things about my mother.


David looks toward me. from the TV, Did you need something?

You can say whatever you want about me, but for my mothers sakes cant you have some respect for the deceased? I say and
stare david straight in the euye.

David's eyes meet mine. It looks as though hes about to say something before he stares back at the TV. 

A moment passes and I turns to start heading towards my room.

By the way wendy, be ready next friday, your aunts are stopping by they said they want to spend the evening with you.


-----
SCENES:
What happens now?
* Wendy continues to try to help caspers soul find peace. 
* Casper mentions never kissing a girl before.
* Wendy opens up more to wendy. // I feel like this should have happened already.
* Wendy goes to see her aunts and is invited to live with them.
* Wendy decides to stay for casper.
* Casper admits he doesn want to leave, and that he loves wendy.
* A boy shows up and casper becomes possessive.
* Casper acuses Wendy of not caring for him.


Scene: Wendy continues to try to help caspers soul find peace. 

// what are things I wanted to happen that havent happened yet?
// That casper commited suicide waiting for someone.
// That caspers uncles were abusive.
// Wendy wants to learn more about Casper.

So far, Casper is giving very serious jude St. Francis vibes. I think I have unintentionally channeled that character
as I have written. There are similarites, but they are different. For one, I think casper is more emphathetic and less jaded.

// for now the plan is for them t read charlettoes web.

I wipe tears from my eyes, oh, casper isthat a beautiful story? 

I ook to my side I didnt even notice casper who was bowling his eyes out as I turn over the last page to the back cover over the book.
He continues sibbing seeming to forget I was sitting right next to him.



---/// Re-write

Wendy- wendy? Casper says.

I Look to my side. 
Casper and I were in the middle of reading a book.

Whats wrong Wendy? 
Casper asks. You seem a little distracted, he says.

Oh, really it's nothing! I say and shake my head before forcing a smile. Just enjoying the book.
Casepr looks unconvinced.
Well, I sigh, if you if you must know, I got into an argument with David, my step dad recently.
Oh, what about? Casper asks.
// rewrite
About me staying out lateall night. I say he wanted to know why I was staying out so late.
Casper looks suprised. So what did you do? He asks. Did you tell him about me.
I furrow my brow, Of course I didnt Tell hom about you. I say.
// rewrite
It's stupid dont wory about it. I say.

Casper pauses and gives me a look that tells me he eager to know.
I sigh. Well, if you must know, he was upset with me cause he thought he was out late with a boy.
He doesnt you to be out with boys? Casper says suprised.
Does he not want you here? I dont want you to get in trouble.

Ugh, my head drops. Not like that, Casper. Like, he doesnt want me hanging out with like boy boys.
Ghosts like you dont count.

Casper frowns unsure of what to make of this statement. He turns to me.
So... did you tell him about me?

Of course not! I say. I cant tell anybody about you, Casper.
Casper seems releazied but like there's something still bothering him.

I think. So, anyway, enough

//So did you 
Enough about me, I say. Casper, our work still isnt done. You can read but your soul is still bound to this library.

Casper frowns. So you think that that wasnt what I needed to do to set me soul free?

That couldnt have been it casper. After all, you still haunt this library. 

Casper looks deep in thought. How will we we now when my soul is at peace? Casper says.

You'll pass on, casper
Pass on?
You know, leave here: this library, this school, this world for all I know; and move to that place where souls move to 
some call it heaven so just call it the great beyond.

Casper shutters as I say this and falls silent for a while.

What do you think we should do now? I'd hate for you to waste your time teaching me a bunch of things 
just for none of them to work.

Look casper, I say. I'm sorry if I made it sound like all your effort was for nothing before.
I dont think you learning to read was a waste of time at all! And I enjoyed teaching you.
I laugh. And for all we know, it might be that theres an entire list of things you need to do before your soul is free.
Like a bucket list.

A bucketlist?

Yeah, like maybe there were several passions that you never had the chance to deal with when you were alive.
And now each one keeps you here.

We'll just have to go through each of them one by one untill your soul is at peace! 

How does that sound, Casper? I ask and stretch out my hand. 

Casper nods. I - I think I'd like that he says.
And he places his hand over mine. 

As Casper does so I feel a type of warth around my hand. something hand to describe.
Not a warth that generates from flesh and heat but one that come from know a friend is close.

As I pull my hand away. Casper quickly pulls away his and he sheepishly places his hand into his etereal pockters.

I clap my hands together.

So, next order of business.

What are some things you always wanted to do but couldnt? Or things You never had the chance to do?

I never learned to swim, Casper says, again frankly and without emotion.

That much was a given.

Well do you-

No, Wendy, I dont want to learn to swim.

Good, I sigh and wipe my forehead. No idea how I would have pulled that one off.

--- 
// what happens in the next scene?
// Wendy taught casper to learn to read but his soul is still in the library.
// Would it be worth just pushing through or should I take time to revise?

// what has just happned? Wendy got scolded by her steo father and casper has finally learned to read.
im not sure I like the timing of these events.

Would it be better to have a chart?

----

Me and casper talk for ahwile and I pull out my notebook to take a list of notes.
SLowly but surely we make a list of all the things casper never got to do when he was alive.

Fire a gun, ride an elephant, see the ocean, get his own car.

I take notes without judgement. trying not to worry about which ones we can actually help casper with.
We're only guessing at this point. It might not be obvious to casper now, but theres something keeping him here
and some reason his soul inhabits this library. I trust if we just keep plotting throught we could find there reason.

So... can you think of anything else?

I say turning another page.
hmmm casper moans scratchey in fingers against his head, leaving his straignt blonde locks in a messy state.

Umm could we take a bit of a break?
Casper says. and I can sympathesize. Being as shy as casper is I can tell he finds all this attention exerting.
It's fine casper we can take a break if you want, I say.

And I sit back down against the chair I pull out a juice box I had and sip away.
As I look out the window, I can see The sun is starting to set. 
And as I do I start to think about going home and my step father waiting there.

Hey, Wendy, 

I look to my side and notice casper has a somewhat concerned look on his face.
Is everyhting alright? He says. You seem like something's bothering you.

Oh, sorry casper I say. And do my best to force a smile. I was thinking.

Do you want to talk about it? Casper says in a tone that sounds like he was trying to almost copy the way I talk to him.

Oh, it's nothing casper I say, just stupid stuff.

Casper pauses. I'm sorry your doing so much to help me wendy, you know, If you ever want to stop it's
alright. Ive gotten used to being in this library anyway.

Great I sigh my head dropping. Now casper thinks I'm upset over him.

Oh no casper it isnt about you it's.. Casper look eagerly to listen
and although I hestiate to bring my small personal problems to a ghost in a situation like caspers
I figure I might as well explain a little bit. At least then casper will know I'm not upset because of him.

Well, it's its just David my step dad. He was just talking to me last night when I got home. He was upset cause I was out so laate.

Casper frowns, it- was it cause you were here with me.
 Oh-no - no casper I say, relizing I almost made casper feel like it was his fault.
It's not you fault I say, it really wasnt even that I was out so late casper, 
Really it was that he was accusing me of being out late with a boy.

Casper looks nervously from side to side.

Ugh, like a boy boy casper... You know...? Ghost boys dont count.

They dont?

Its... Ugh... I it's hard to explain. I really didnt even care what he said about me though, casper.
It was what he said about my mother. He always says such awful things about her.

Dos your mother know casper says.

Well, the thing is casper my-my mother passed away when I was very young, I say and I start to feel a lump in my throat.

So you live with your dad?

I shake my head. David is only my step-dad, I never knew my father.

Casper frowns. I'm sorry wendy. I can relate... My uncles raised me... It's tough to not have your parents around.

Casper looks down and upset. Worrying he'll revert to the state I find him in I exclaim hey.
But enough about that. 

Let's get back to you and figuring out this unfinshed business-business.
 
Casper looks outside and notices the sun's down. But dont you have to get home soon?
I dont want you to get in trouble again.

Ha! I say and wave my arm. If david want's to think I'm out with a boy let, him!
He has no reason at all to think that anyway. I never even had a bofriend or anything anyway, I never even kissed a boy. I say laughing.

Casper puts his hand to his chin, I never kissed a girl either.

Then you get it casper. Wait-

I look at casper and notice the intense blush on his face.

I smile. Was that one of your wishes casper I say, giggling.

Casper glaneces at the floor nervously, his face now as red as a ripe tomato.

Oh0uh-no-j-j-just forget I said it.

If it's one of your wishes casper I can help you with that. I found you for a reason! I think about it some more. You know that would
make a lot of sense.
As I take a step forward, casper leaps back like a corned animal. 

He stretches his arms out it front of him, now just just never mind I said it.

he starts walking backwards but falls and then continues crawling back.

I was only joking Wendy joking! haha get it.

So you have been kissed before.
Casper's nervousness is instantly replaced with a sullen expression. I just-I dont wnat to talk about it.

I recognize that this is no longer fun for casper, walking forward I kneel down and stretch out my hand as if to hel him up.

Casper gets the hint and stands up by himself.

I'm sorry casper, I was only joking.

Its okay his says, ha he smiles I think it was kinda funny too.

I place my hand over my mouth to conceal a giggle. You know casper. you really are cute when you get nervous.

He looks down. I do? 

I laugh. Anyway, tomorrow is Monday, I really should be heading home caspper.

He gives a sad smile. It's okay. He syas.

I'm sorry I took so much time today talking about me.

No non- it's alright wendy. I like hearing about you.

Will I see you tomorrow? He asks? 

Actually tomorrow I have to go see my augnts who are in town. They're picking me up after school.

Tuesday then. Of course casper I say, I'll be here

I'll be here too casper says, a large smile painted across his face.


I smile at casper and trhow my bag across my side. 
 I take a step back towards the door before waving, See you tomorrow casper.

 I start making my way out I hear casper call out. 

 Actually wendy, I'i really would to learn more about you. I hope, I hope we can talk some more like we did today.

 
 
 --- Scene: Wendy meets with her aunts

The bell rings and I walk up to the curb.

I wait for my my aunts Thelma, Velma, and Zelma to pull up to the curb.
I expect them to recognize me as I am wearing the same red hoodie my mother left me that I have worn every day since I was young.
// wendy wears the hoodie "witches cloack to remeber her mother"
My aunts are all three very succeful and working at bigs companies in new york. You could hardly tell that tehy were the oldest
sisters of my step dad david.

I look from side to side watching for any car that pulls up not sure what they will arrive in.
Though, I feel bad leaving casper alone I cant help but be thrilled to see my aiunts, Thelma, Velma, and Zelma.
Just like me, they are are witches. I even heard they used to be in the same coven as my mother. Apparently that was how 
David and her met.

A car pulls up, Wendy! I hear the fmailar voice of my aunt thelma call out. I pulls the strap to my back pack and briskly walk to over.

I'm greeted by the signt if my three aunts Thelma, Velma, and Zelma
EWendy it's so good to see you Zelma says.
I sit in the back with Velma who reaches over to give me a hug.
Oh, look how much youve grown.
 she says her eyes somewhat red.

 I look down and see a small mixed Bichon Frise, with reuffled white hair.

 Opie I say as I gently learn over to grasp the dog who was seated at velma feet.

Fifteen this year. Velma says. He's glad he could see you. As I pick up the dog, and place him into my lap I thank my aunts for bringing him.
Opie and I are the same age, and would play often when we were little wenver my aunts would babysit me before they had to move for work.

I have always been thrilled wheneder I could see him. But the last few years I have grown more and more afraid how he is doing.
Every year more afraid to hear that he had passed away.
Last yrear when my aunts were able to make it for my birthday, I had been worried that perhaps I'd not have the opprotunity to see oppie again
(at least in this life)
// I'd like wnedy to talk to one of her aunts over the phone earlier in the story.

Oh wendy, thelma says, staring back in the rearview mirror. I hope you have an appetite, were taking you somewhere very special for your birthdyay
dinner.
As I placed my mand over my empty stomach and hear its rumble, not a warry I say.



-- Next scene: Wendy out with her aunts for her birthday dinner
// Wendys aunts offer to take her in and to move
// Wendy refuses so she can stay with casper.

The roar of an animatronic, lion fills the room and the children near by shout in aamzement.
Arent you excited wendy?
Thelma says as she leans over to take the small cardboard party hat from off the table and place it over my head,
the elastic string slip out from her fingers and meets my chin.

Oh, sorry! she says.

Arent you glad you we remembered? Thelma says?

I give a nervous smile.

I look around the restaruant and see the children seated around gazing at amazement at all the jungle thememed scultures and the animatronic 
animals.
Growing up, my aunts had always came every year to take me out for my birthday, but werent able to make it the last two years do to work.
I remember when I was ten telling them that next year I wanted to come here, so they took the liberaty to go ahead and 
set reservations for my 13th birthday.

Leave to a witch to remeber anothers witches deepest desires, my aunt velma says, placing her fork down and pointing to her head.

When I look around the tables nearby I seem to be only teenager her everyone else 9 or under.
I guess it didnt occur to my aunts that there was a big differece between 9 and 12... But I can complain, thank you I say.

at least the food is good. I think as I curl another forkful of pasta.

So, how have been things been lately? velma says leaning forward. You never have the time to talk anymore? Your father tells me you are always 
at school.

Things are going fine, I say. Any friends? Last time we talked you said you had a hard time at your new school.

Thelma pushes forward her plate.

What about that Elziabeth girl? You said you were teaching her wicca?

Oooh, did you cast any spells? Thelma adds.

I drop my head. We still talk sometimes, I say. 
ahha, we planned to casper a friendship spell but she couldnt make it I say.

B-but it's ok I continue, I actullay met someone recently, we've we've been spending a lot of time together after school.

Are they interested in witchcraft? 
I give a small chuckle. Well, actually, they were a little put off about it at first, but the more weve talked the more 
they've opened up to it. They're actually very involed in the super natural, so we've found we have a lot in common.

What's their name wendy? Thelma asks.

Casper I say. Casper McFadden, I repeat emphazizing the  strange last name.

Casper, huh, oh, so a boy huh? 

Sigh, it isnt like that. I repeat. We just, we have a lot in common. And he's needed my help recently, so I've been staying with him later 
in the libary to help him with things.

Are you tutoring him? Velma asks.

I nod, yeah, I say. He's been a - bit behind. which is an understantement.

Speaking of the library did you ever find out about that ghost you were looking for?

Ghost! I perk up, I forgot I told my aunts about it.

Ha-ha-ha, I laugh nervously, pulling on my collar.
Yeah, they ghost, well that's situation is a mysery to me. I say, not wanting to lie to my aunts but not wanting to explain the situation.

Well, thelma repats. I'm glad you found yourslef a firned. We were really worried when we heard about your first week at school.

Thelma says and my head drops down. 

Yeah, things are getting better, I say.

My nervousness reads across my face.

and velma looks over at thelma nervously.

She pushes her plate forward and a busser comes to clear the table.

So its a birthday dinner are we ready for presents?

Velma leans down and pulls a medium sized box onto the table and hands it to me. Zelama and Thelma follow suit and 
pushes there presents before me as well.

I observe the wrapping paper for the pacackage. The metalic gold foill is decorated in a disntictive flowal pattern.
The packing itself looks so exsive I hesitate to rip it open. I lean forward and take an unused steak knife from off the table and 
gently cut away at the tape.

Inside it, I'm breathless as I pull out an apothecary kit.

I open the case and am dazzled by the sheer number of herbs and oils it contains.

Oh, my thelma, this is so beautiful. And it looks so expensive. 

Only, the best for my good little witch she smiles.


As I pull out the bottles to observe their contents, Zelma pushes her package toward me as well and I take turns opening them.

From Velma a set of magic crytals, some with undeniably expensive gems. SO much so, that I feel cautious as I hold them in my hands.


I open the final gift, my heart sinks a little when I see the bright red fabric.

I'm amazed to see a red hoodie that matches to the t my mothers, witch cloak that I wear right now.
I look towards my aunts smiling, obviosuly very pleased with my reaction.


Now, wendy, we know we could never replace your mother's cloak, but we thought it might be nice to have something a little newer 
to wear now and then,
given how worn
/// lets cange this. They bought a new clock and offer to take the old one to a tailor to fix it up.
// Maybe part of the reason that wendy is strange at school is because she always wears her old hoodie that she wears to remember her mother.
Now, wendy, we know we could never replace your mother's cloak, but we thought it might be nice to have something a little newer
 to wear while we get you mother cloack fixed up,
given how worn it is. I pull out from out of the pocket of the old cloack a card "Tailor services" it reads.

You should see this tailors work, Velma adds. 

// I'm starting to wish that caspers confession could have come before the offer from wendys aunts.

As I roll out the robe tears well in my eyes. Th-thank you I say.

Well, try it one zelma says and I stand placing my old cloack across the chair to zip up the new one.

My my doesnt she look stunning?
The spitting image of her mother.
Ladies, were in the presense of a born witch.

Th-thank you I say, wipping my eyes. I love it.

Thelma givves a mischiveous smile and turns to her sisters. They nod in assent before fixing on me.

So Wendy, me and the sisters were talking. And.. Weve finally reached a stable place in our career had decided on buying a hoes together upstae

Oh, I'm glad to hear I say.

Wendy, were were hoping, well if you were open to it.

Wendy we wanted to adopt you. Zelma chimes in.

Adopt me?

Not adopt, but we were hoping you could come and live with us. Zelma is retiring from her career in finace to pursue her reki healing course 
full-time. 

And the house we bought together has so much space.

We were hoping you could come live with us now Wendy, we'd love-no we'd absolutely love to have you.

Zelma could use the help if your'd provide your witchy expertise.

And we could even school from home if your open to me teaching you,

But, I mean, what woudl David say? I dont know if he—

We already asked him wendy, and he has no issue with it at all.

Velma leans forward and takes my hand in hers. What do you say wendy? Four witches under one roof? Oh, having you around,
it'll be just like when you mother was alive.

The coven will be complete again.

I smile, and look down.
To leave Jupiter, to leave david and all the troubles of this town behind me and to live with my aunts.
It all... it all sounds too good to be true.

My aunts look at me in anticipation, wide smiles painted across each of their faces.

Just as my mouth starts to form the word yes, I freeze as the image of a ruddy blone boy passes my mind.

Casper...

What was that, wendy? 

Casper... I say, the boy I was talking about earlier. I figit in my chair. You see... he's really going through a hard time right now.
I cant--I really need to be here for him right now, and I just.

THelma leans over the table to take my hand in hers.

I look up a to see a sympaththeitc smiel painted on each of their faces.

We understand wendy. you dont have to say yes today.

we'll give you time to think about it.

Thank you I say. I really, it really means a lot to me.


- SCENE: Confession 
// the stakes woudl be even higher if Wendy had to make a decision soon, but I dont see a way in the story to add that.
Maybe it's good enough to make the current situation so undesirable that wendy just wants to leave.
// Wendy tries to help casper find peace but casper doesnt want to go
// What would help this scene?
// I want to make it more aparent, that Wendy is miserable.
// Perhaps she gets into a fight with David who asks her to leave.
// Maybe include a scene at school with the new boy? No that happens after they get into a relationship.
// I could emphasize wendy's lonliness at school. Liz wont say hi to her anymore and kids accuse her of sleeping in the library.
// "I heard she's homeless!" 

// How does this scene oepn?
// it start during school befor ewnedy meets casper in the library.
// Wendy is waiting in the lirary to talk to casper once everybody leaves.


Is that her...
the girl who stays all night in the library... 
I heard she's ... homeless.

--------------------------------
As classes end for the day, I set my spot in the library waiting for the library to close, so I can talk to casper.

As I set my books and papers across the table, I normally set at to wait for Casper I look down the staris noticing some girls catching glances 
at my direction as they wisper among themselmves.

Is that her...
the girl who stays all night in the library... 
I heard she's homeless...

I see Liz among them and give a slight wave, only for her to ignore me.

As the girls make their way out the library, I realize I'm the last student here.
"Well, there's my last friend at Jupiter I think." 

Half an hour later, I see the school librairan, Emily, setting her things for the day. 
She looks over toawrd me and give a smiling nod that tells me to make sure the door is locked when I make may way out.
I had told her a some weeks ago that I was staying late to study and so I was staying late in the library to do it.

I her the door lock as she steps out, and I whisper, Its okay casper its just me now.

I look to my side and the blonde hair boy suddenly appears.

Hello wendy! he greets me.

You ready? say and I pull out the questionarie that I had started on our first day.

Sure- casper says hesitatingly. His eyes dart from side to side.
So, how did your birthday go?

Fine I say.

Did you get any presents? Casper asks.

Yep, I say, and thumb to the page we left on in my notebook.

Now casper, I want to go ahead and finish this questionarie. We put together a pretty long list
of unfufilled wishes you have... pretty long. I think we have enough data. I think all we need is to get some more details
aboiut your life and the details surrounding your... 

My death.

Yeah.. I say, unable to feel anythng but sorry everytime I bring it up. 
I'm sure that once I learn a little more about it, I'll be a ble to help you casper so your soul can pass on free.

Casper looks down and figits, in typical manner, yet, for some reason, there is a certain hesitation
in his expression that catches my attention. I'm unsure if it's new or if it's always been there. He silent for a while.

I look up from my notebook back towards casper, who seems to be fixed on his lap.
I click my pencil, are you ready? I ask.

yeah...

Hey, wendy?

Yes?

Happy birthday. 

Thanks, I say. Anyway lets get started.


-----------
How did you die?
(Options: Accident, Illness, Violence, Natural Causes, Unknown)
Where did you die?
Who were the important people in your life?
What were your favorite activities or hobbies?
Do you have any unfulfilled dreams or goals?
Section 3: Emotions and Regrets
Do you have any regrets from your life?
Is there someone you wish you could have spoken to before you died?
Are there any unresolved conflicts or issues with someone from your life?
What were your happiest memories?
What were your saddest memories?
Section 4: Current State
Why are you still here?
Do you know what is keeping you from moving on?
Is there something specific you need to do to find peace?
Are there any objects or places that are significant to you?
Do you feel trapped, lost, or confused?
Section 5: Interactions
Have you tried to communicate with the living before?
How do you feel about the living people around you now?
What do you want to tell the living people who are trying to help you?
Is there a message you want to leave for someone specific?
What can we do to help you move on?
Section 6: Final Thoughts
Is there anything else you want to share about your life or death?
What would you like to happen after you move on?
Do you have any final requests or wishes?
Context in the Story
Wendy could use this questionnaire during a quiet moment in the school library, perhaps lighting a candle or using her crystal ball to create a focused, respectful atmosphere for communicating with Casper. By asking these questions, she would gradually uncover the key reasons why Casper’s soul is still present, piecing together the narrative of his life and the unfinished business that keeps him bound to the earthly realm.
--------

Casper Do you remember any details on that day?

Casper's eyes shoot down, pensively.
I was waiting by the river for someone. Casper says, and furrows his brow.

I look expectedly but capser is silent for some time.


Anything thing else? I wask, I know it's hard, Casper, but the more I know the better I can help you.

There is a long silence, and for a moment I wonder if I am perhaps being too direct with Casper.
Or expepecting too much from him to quickly. Just when I open my mouth to ask him if he wants to stop
I hear a faint:
W-we... we were going to run away. 

What? I say.

I was going to run away from my uncles farm.

I'm quite. And I notice a certain determination spread across caspers expression, 
I can tell remmbering all this is hard for him.

Me and Jan, we were both going to run away, casper says solemly.
But- I - couldnt go alone. I-was scared. Casper's voice starts to break.

Jan, he said. he said he said he would meet me at the bridge.
But him never came. Casper says. There's a long silence. 
I was scared to go alone, casper says.

So that was when I just...

Casper... I say. You not telling me you—

He gives a single nod that tells me everything I need to know.

Casper. The lonely boy, the ghost I now call friend. The tortured spirit that now haunts this library.
He died, not only young but by his own decision.

We're both silent. Casper sits hunched over is his chair and I sense a dark could weihging over him so heavy I worry it'll break both of us.

I move beside casper, and lean my face to meet his.

Casper, I... I just dont know what to say...

Casper contunies to stare down at the floor but raises his voice.
I was so lonely Wendy. I had not ever known my parents, and I never went to school either, so I didnt have the chance to make friends my age.
The only boy I knew was Jan, he worked worked for his family at a farm near my uncles.
He told me he was sick of it too.

I told him one day, I hated living with my uncles so much but I didnt have any where to turn to.
I told him one day I thought about jumping into the river.
He told me instead we should run away. ANd we planned to meet at bridge over the river bed, 
We were going to run away togwther but when he never came, I went ahaead and jumped in.


Casper... I was speechless. Was there a single thing I could say to this boy who, in spirit, sat next to me?


But, casper says, and  few quicks breathes interupt his speech.
It-it isnt all bad... If I hadnt jumped that day then, if all this isnt really one long dream,
then if things hadnt happened they way they did, I might not have met you.

Casper uncharacteristically rasies his face to meet mine, and locks onto my eyes with him.
I find myself nervous under his intese gaze.
Though his face is red and the area under his eyes is stained with tears, his smile is wide and genuine.

Wendy, these past few weeks I've spent with you, they've been the best time of my life.
even if I'm dead he adds.

He leans closer to me and my body stays still.

Wendy,, you are the best friend I've ever had, time with you means everything to me.


He leans forward and I freeze.
His eyes lock onto mine, I'm suprised by how intense his usually placid and doeful features can be.

I love you, Wendy.

he says. And as he places his phantom over mine I could swear for a moment that I could feel his flesh on mine.
I lean forward and as our lips meet, I realize I am probably the only girl in the world to have had her first kiss with a ghost!


// I totatlly forgot the part where casper syays he doesnt want to pass on.
// Do I need to add that?
// I remember later in the story, casper will be mad that wendy had tried to help him move on.
// I can deal with that later and push forward.


- What happens next?
// Wedy tells her aunts she has to stay
// David tells wnedy to leave
// Wendy and caspers relationship deepens and it quickly becomes problematic.

- Scene: Wendy Tells her aunts She cant move.

Friday evening, my cell phones rings almost the very minute school ends. I walk outside and find a quiet place to stay.

Hey, Wendy, my aunt Thelma says on the other end. We're heading back home this weekend.
We just wanted to check in on you, see how things are going.... Maybe you changed your mind?.. She says with a hint of wishfulness.

I was hoping to avoid this conversation, but-I knew I'd have to have it eventually.

I swallow and take a deep deep breath. I-I am sorry Thelma.. But I cant come with you I have to stay. I force myself to say.
And As I do I envision the life I'm being offered to saty with my aunts, to live spend time with opie for as long as he has left 
and to finally have the coven and family I always wanted.
It always sounds too good to be true.

But It's an offer I cant take.

I jst I just cant leave right now I say.

Is it because of the boy, Themla says. Is it for casper. 
Yes... I say under my breathe. I want to say more. I want to tell her everything and how much the thought of living with her and zelma and velma mean to
me.
I wish I could tell her... the circumstance. But I just cant. 
I silently pray in my heart that she doesnt think this isnt something I want. Casue the truth is I want it more than anything.

I understand wendy. Thelama says, with out judgement.But please let us know if you ever change your mind,

We'll be here waiting for you wendy. I here Velma shout in the background.
Our door is always open.

th-thank you, is all I can manage to say.

How is Casper doing by the way? Thelma says.

It's complicated, I say as I look back toward the school's library building. ..but he seems happier..

That's good, that's good she says. And any news on the ghost?

Complicated. I says. But... I think he's doing better soon.

He? Thelma says, so you are already identified the identy of the ghost.
Haha, I laugh nervously. I learned a lot, I say. You know me. I do my research, I say with an air of pride.

Well, keep us up to date. Thelam says.

Love you wendy.

Love you too aunt Thelma, I say.

May the moon light your path and the stars guide your way.

--- SCENE: Wendy Meets With Casper Again

**2

As I approach the libary, door a sudden nrvousness comes over me.
And uncertainty I havent experienced since that fateful weekend I came in to locate that ghost one final time.

I walk to the second floor to find casper waiting siting at our usual spot. 
His eyes are cast down the read the pages of books I left open for him.

6 copies of charlottes web lie across the table wide open, so that casper could read as many pages as possible.
He doesnt look up to meet me as I approach.

Knowing casper to be a very anxious ghost, I take it on myself to try to start the conversation.

I take the seat beside him.

Hey, casper, I say also looking down at the pages of the book.

H-hey wendy he says, in a tone so frail and timid, I enviosn a cornered animal.

// when david accuses wnedy she runs to the library and admits to casper how much she hates living with her dad.
// This'll only work if wendy and casper have already had a fight.
// Okay that could work but there are honestly a lot of way it could go.
// I'll follow the outline for now but I'm open to changing based on how things go.

So, which page areyou on? I ask.
I already read all of them, Casper says.

Well, which page are you on right now? 
I'm not really reading casper admits,  Just thinking.

What about? I ask.

Last night.

Me too.

And we both give a deep sigh.

We're silent. Mechanically, I start pclosiing and piling up the copies of charlottes web.
From my backpack, I pull out my books and my notebook containing the uestionaire. 
I found it to the latest page and set it down before clicking my pen.

Were we going to continue the questionarie Casper asks. And I'm not sure how to respond.

Well, I mean we still need to help you find peae.

Casper turns to me. If I find peace, does that mean I'll have to leave?

Casper asks and I have no idea what to say.

To be honest wendy, I'm not sure I want to find peace if that means I wont get to see yiu anymore.
I have no idea what the afterlife is like, or even if I'll like it or not.
All I do know is that I like being here with you.

Casper...

I lock eyes with the rudy blonde boy before me.
And for the first time, I see casper as just that. A boy, not a ghost.
A sad, lonely boy who I chanced to me.

And no longer do I feel like a witch or think of him as a ghost.
But as Wendy Good and Casper McFadden.

Casper, is it true what you said last night.

Casper nods and turns his face down blood rushing to his cheeks.

I guess I was wondering if you - feel the same...?

As he asks a flood of emotions well up inside me.
I know I care for Casper, and for the past few months he has been on my mind costantly.
But I never even thought of anything romantic. It hadnt even occured to me that a ghost like casper could have those types of feelings.

The more I think about my interactions with Casper the shyness, the nervousness, I come to realize that casper has always just
been a boy and seen me as a girl.

Casper continues looking at me waiting for a response.

Casper, to be honest, I really never thought about you that way. I guess I was always so focused on helping you as a ghost,
that I forgot to see you as a person. 

Casper expression tells me he's unsure how to take this information, and I realize that I didnt really answer his question.

I pull out a chair and sit next to him.

I care about you a lot casper I say And to be honest, last night that was the first kiss I ever.

It was mine too casper smiles nervously.

Can we still be friends, casper says.

Well, I dont know about that I say, I mean we did kiss casper, I think you have to be more than friends to do that.

So... Casper says.. W-w-wwould you be my grilfriend, casper asks, forcing out each syllable.

My face feel hot and I place my hands to my face.

S-s-sure I say. 

Sure?

Yes casper, would you be my boyfriend I continue.

And casper smiles.

I stay late that night and together we finsing reading charlottles web, before finding a book to read.

Not as a witch as a ghost. But as a boy and a girl.


// Do I want to skip in time?
// What would be the consequence of skipping?
// What happens that leads to davids outrage?



- Scene: Months 

Saturday, I wake up early and head straight to the library. Again, I meet some of the neigborhood kids as I make my way to the school.
When alex asks canidly "so did you ever find that ghost?" I reply that I did and that in fact now we are dating. After saying this they all gazed at
me speechless. The i age of alez's jaw wide open kept me laughing all the way to school.

I get to the school I find the main gate wide open.
At first i worry if there might be some some school event but I'm releaved when I find the jannitor Janny moving some cleaning equipemnt.

Janny walks out and sees me, he gives a warm smile.

Morning, Wendy.

Morning Janny.

Of to study in the library again? hs asks me.

I say yes.

Well, it's good to work hard wendy, but make sure you take care of yourself as well.
It is easy to make forget some times when we feel we have big responsibilities, he says.

Same to you Janny I say. I hope you can take a weekend off some time.

Janny gievs a warm smile and escorts me to the library.


------------------------------------
D-did you want to? Casper shakes his head.

Me neither I admit. And Lokk over at casper who looks toward me.

I really dont want to casper says. I'd like, he swallows, I'd like to stay here if that's alright.

Ok... I say and I reach down and fold the notebook and place it in my backpack.

I guess you want need to stay after school anymore , if I'm just going to stay.

I look at casper and see genuine fear behind his forced smile.

I-I can come see you, I say. I like spending time with you.

Hey, Casper, did you really mean what you said last night 

// I know wendy and casper will be in a relationship at the end of this.
// From then on, they;ll spend more time together and get to know eachother better.

Events:
// Wendy and casper sit together and get to know eachother better.
// All wendy and casper can bond over is shared trauma, past that they dont have much to talk about.
// David asks wendy to leave
// boy comes to school who is interested in Wendy
-------------------------------------



- Scene: Wendy and Casper are Dating

I make my way to the table Casper normally sits at and find him waiting for me. His smile brighter and wider than I had ever seen.

Wendy he says enthusiatiaclly I wave Casper and take my seat next to him. I take my seat next to him and a strange silence follows.

So, how was your day? Casper asks.
I laugh nersly well I cam straight here.

Oh that reminds me! I say and reach into my bag. I havent drawn my tarot for today?

Tarot? casper says.

Dont tell me you never heard of tarot. I say. 

Like fortune telling cards?

I place my sholders on the table and give an exagerated frown.

Tarot is much more than fortune telling. They are a divine source of truth and occult knowledge.

occult knowlege? Casper repeats seeming confused by my description.

Casper, if we going to be dating there an awful lot for you to learn. I laugh. 
This probing the deepest sources of truth is a lifestyle for me. 

Casper sits up attentetive, eager to learn more.

Perhaps me showing you, it would make more sense. ooh I know I say. 
I'll do a reading for you! 

i say and start shuffling my cards.

Is there something you would like to ask the oracle? I ask casper and he looks pensive.

I I want to know if you and me can be together forever, casper says, and my heart skips a beat.

Sorry, did I say something wrong?

No! I exclaim, now, place you hand over mine. Casper follow suit, now think deeply on your question,
and the tarot will show you what you need to know.

I flip the top card on the deck: 4 of cups.

the card reveals a young dark haired man meditating under a tree. before him are three cups, from the sky a hands reaches
dopwn to pass him a forth cup but he continues to mediate.

What does it mean casper says.

That for you and the oracle to find out, I reply,

look deeply at the card, what stands out to you?

He looks unhappy. Casper says.

He's deep in thought.

Why doesnt he open his eyes and take the cup the world is giving him?

Maybe he has all he needs, maybe he isnt ready to take the cup and has to look within foirst.

Casper thinks deeply on this.

I gather my cards and put away the deck.

kinda fun right? I say.

Yeah fun. Casper replies still seeming deep in thought.


Anyway, casper says. Wendy I was hoping I could learn a little more about you. You've been asking me so many questions, I've hardly had
the chance to ask you anything.

Oh, about me. Let's see uh, well, my name is wendy, I'm 13 years old, I'm a witch...

Casper gives a smiling nod, yeah, I knw most of that.

He rubs the back of his head.

I guess I was hoping to know more about like your life growing up, how were things?

Oh sure, I say, and it occurs to me how unused to being asked detials about my life I am.

Well, my mother was a witch as well. She's my inspiration for studying wicca. I tug on the sleeve of my red jacket.

The old jacket I used to wear is actually her witches cloak.

Do you were it to remember her? Casper asks.

I nod yeah, I say. My mother and I cast spells when I was little. I barely remember it, but we have some pictures back home that 
always jog my memory.

So your mother is the reason you practice witchcraft? Casper asks me.

Well, my aunts always say that a true witch is born and that it's in our blood, but for me mother mother is the one who 
got me started on my witches journey. She didnt have time to teach me much though,
She had passed away when I was very little.


I'm sorry wendy casper says and places his hand over mine, his ghostly fingers tense, 
as his places his hand over mine, to comfort me.

Thank you casper I say and smile.

How how did it happen?  he asks.

My mother had a drinking habit, among other things.. I say.
She used to spend a lot of time with a bad crowd of people. I take a deep breath.
She... had died in a car accident on her way home one day.

Wendy... I dont know what to say.

Theres a pause and I place my other hand over caspers. It's - dont worry casper. Its been a long time I say.

So thats when your father or your step dad started raising you? casper asks.

Basically, I say. David is only my step dad. I never knew my real father. I rmember my mother saying, he was probably 
in jail somewhare. I never got all the details. Truth is I never learned his name.

casper is quite.

David, I hadnt even net him before he married my mother.

That's sounds rather sudden.

It really was.

It was like, one day, hey wendy were moving, by the way this is your dad now.

I look at casper who's at a loss for words.

But it's was ok at the time you know? Little kids can adjust to anything. I was no exception.

It was all quite sudden. We moved to his house, where we live now and 6 months later my mother got into the accident.

I'm sorry wendy says. I wish you had found her spirit.

I smile, the thought never having occured to me.

I never thought about finding her spirit casper. I say. I like to think she passed on.
My mother... she had a lot of problems. But I know deep down she loved me. I know she had a good heart.
I stare outside at the setting sun. The sky is a beautiful crimison hue.

I beleive her soul, whereever it is, is at peace.

I smile at caspoer and where both silent for sometime.

You-your mother sounds like a wonderful person. he says.

Thank you casper she really was.

Casper looks down.

It must be nice to remember your parents fndly.
At least you can enjoy the memories you do have.

Thats right, I clasp my hands together. You nenevr really told me about your parents casper.
I'd love to hear more about them.

Casper glances out the window. The sits dark; the sun's almost completely hidden by the horizon.

It's getting late, casper syas. Shouldnt you be heading home about now?

I have time. I say.

I want to hear more about you, since were dating and all. I give casper a wink witch causes
his face to move fro it's typical ruddy pink to as red as a  tomato.

He casts his eyes down.
Ok... he says.



*
// casper opens up about his upbringing.
// I'm noticing that right now, their conversations seem more or less normal.
// The problems will be more apparent as we progress.


Well, I kind of remember my parents, I had a picture of them growing up. My uncles told me that my parents couldnt afford to care for me.
My uncles needed help aroudn the farm, they offered to take me and I lived with them.

Casper... I say, I'm so sorry.

It's okay, casper says, I but I can hear the sorrow in his voice.

Did your parents ever come to see you?

Casper shakes his head in reply.

It-it was a joke between my uncles; they would joke about if my parents would ever come see us over the holidays.
They used to say things like, be sure you work hard over the summer or your parents wont come visit for the holidays.
those were things they used to say.

casper, I lean in, I'm so sorry. I had no idea.


I lean for around nuzzle my face towards his, doing my best to comfort him.

Casper doesnt seem to move or even figit as I get closer.

But I cant speak poorly of my uncles. They really were hard workers. They were respected by everyone in the community. He says.

But they didnt teach you to read.
But they would joke at your expsese.
Did they even love you?
 I wanted to say. But I stop myself.

 I dont want to drive the knife even further.

 This is the most casper has ever opened uo to me. and I can tell how hard it is for him.

I stay late that night. Doing all I can to be near casper and comfort him.
I sart to regret opening up to casper as much as I did, the more I learn about casper, the more
i realize his liey had it much harder than I had it.

It was no wonder his soul haunts this library.
He has had usch a hard life. ANd experieced such lonliness. Perhaps the gods and goddesses wanted casper 
to stay on earth a little longer, just so he could know that the wrld isnt all bad; to give him the orrptunity to experince 
some joy in this world.

and it was my duty as both a witch and as caspers friend to show him the kindness he never got to experience in his life.


- Scene: Time Skip: Wendy and Casper have been in a relationship for a year.

It january first, it been almost a year since I first heard that haunting holw echoing from the Hexinton school library.

Decmember marked our first hilday together, all though the school was locked the last week of decmeber and I couldnt get in to see him.

I became so worried those last few days. I almost thought of inventing a lie and calling the pilice to find a way to let me in.
Thankfullly, I ran into Janny as i was waniting outside one day, and he was able to let me in.

Oh, i became so worried that I may never see casper again. But when I found him again, he was just happy to see me. 

And said he understood.

I gave him the christmas present I had been saving for him. A button. Casper laughed when he saw it.

It wasnt a perfect match to the sole button on caspers overalls, but it was a close match.

Thank you casper said when I showed it to him and he laughed.
I flipped over the coin to reveal a cartton I made of both of us: a little red witch and a little white spirited gjost.


That doesnt look like me at all. Casper said.

And I jokingly nudged his shoulder.

Of course it does. Dont you see the smile on his face? Its casper the friedly little ghost.

I'm taller than you casper said and we both laughed.
 together.

 The real present though was the spell I had cast on the button the week before.

 A spell to ensure eternal friendship. Casper smiled.

 Casper shrugged. Well, Wendy, I actually got you a present to he said, and I was shocked.


 Unable to touch physical objects, Casper decided he'd make me a poem. A love poem of all things.

 It was so sweet. Even though Casper struggled to remeber it when he finally had to give it to me.

 We sat together to write it down. Here's how it went:

Though I’m a ghost, you see,
You brought warmth and joy to me.
In this world so vast and wide,
You’ve stayed right by my side.

We share our secrets and dreams,
Under the moon's gentle beams.
Though I can’t hold a gift or toy,
You’ve given me endless joy.  

It was so sweet.

Casper gave me a kiss after we wrote it. In fact, everytime I see him now, it seems that that's all he wants to do when were
togtehr. Ghost or not, a boy is a boy, I have learned.


my aunts visted for the wonter and gave me more presents to use in my witch craft.

Zelma talked all about the healing courses she has been teaching. apparently it's been going well, with full classes every seesion.
Velma has been working to reserve a larger space for Her to teach her classes in.

It almost broke me to tell them I still couldnt come over to join for one of her courses.

I could really use the help, my aunts said.

Oh I felt so hrrible, but I just could bring myself to leave casper alone.

I'm sure Casper would understand they said before I even mentioned the name.

It isnt about that, I just need to be hear for him in case anything happens I said.

My aunts gave knowing smiles, and I could suspect that they assuemed that there was a relationship between me and casper and at this point they were
right. but They had the tact to know not to bring these things up around david, who left early anyway.


We'll do you think you;ll be able to come visit us anytime wendy, Zelama said. and I had to admit I wasnt sure.

I will as soon as I can I said.

and we left the topic at that.
My aunts each gave me a kiss and promptly headed off to their next flight as  they had some extended relatives they meant to meet over the holiday as well.

I had wished i could have gone but I knew for now I was needed here. 

The more I thiught about it however, the more I started to wonder, next year I was supposed to go to hisgh school and caspers spuld was 
bond to the library.

How would I continue to work this out with casper I thought. 

And the question stayed with me.


***
- Scene: Wendy and Casper's relationship prgresses

// Wnedy and casper have grown more quite around eachother.
// Wendy is worried abut graduation
// Wendy does research and learns more about casper


// Coming Scenes
// * Confrontation from David
// * Freshman shows interest in wendy
// * Wendy and Casper argue


May

The bell rings. And I'm sitting in the library as usual, waiting for others to leave so me and casper can talk in private. 
In my hands , I hold an old newspaper marked November 16, 1958.

The the library bell rings sigling close. And the students start making their way out, I watch the students as they leave 
and recognize the group of girls Liz used to hang out with.

I dont see her with them and now that I think about it I havejnt seen her around at all for the past month or so.
I wonder if she moves.
Not that it is anyconcern to me. Even if I had a friend at this point, I am not sure what i would do. 
I'd have to hide my conversations with casper from them which might not be possible.

For now, it's better they way things are. The less friends I have the easier it is to hide my time with Casper.

Emily the librarian gives a solem nod and she dim the lights slighty and slowly shuts the door on her way out.
The concerned expression across her face make me wonder if she's perhaps caught wind of the rumors.
A concerning thought but Im not sure how I'd explain the situation if adults started asking me why it is I need to stay so late.

As the door snaps shut casper appears beside me.

He's quite never the one to start our conversation. Hey Casper I say.

Hey wendy.

Look casper there's something I'd like to show you.

I pull out the newspaper. It's a local newspaper from the HExington local print. 
AMong the other headlines listed on the front is local boy drowns in river.

Casper McFadden 1854-1958

me and casper are silent.

I never realize I'd end up in a newspaper, casper says.

The paper reads that the boy fell and the rest of the article reads as an advert for a local politician.
It seemed at the time he was pushing to get the city infrastructure rebuilt and launched onto caspers detath as a talking point.

The article mentions caspers uncles, the ghostly trio as they were known, they declinded to comment.

thnak you for finding this wendy. At least now I know. He says.
I wonder how jan felt.

How old was jan? He was about your age right casper?
I dont they would have interviewd a child.


I guess your right casper says solemly.

Did reading this shick you wendy casper acts. I fkinch and give an akawrd laugh. Well I guess
I was suppriresd when this happened casper. You were born in the 40 haha your older than my parents I says.

Casper seems unsure how to take this information.

I thought I had a younger boyfriend, but in truth , I have an older one.
Which reminds me. Hey, Casper, just how long have you been here anyway?

Not sure, Casper says, I stopped counting after 30 winters.

#0 years! I exclaim. ANd my lip trembles.
Casper...

I struggle to fathom it. Casper said I'd been the first person who was ever able to see him.
And he's been here for decdes? All alone, I cant even imagine.

The intense lonlines casper must have experienced.
I want to hold him. I want to make everything alright. I want to cast a spell say the right words.
do something that'll make everything better make they pain go away.

But no magic can make what is done undone.
All one can do is accpet what is.
And try to accept that.


Casper I say As I was doing some research. The library, I think I know why you were here now, I pull out another old paper.
The date reads from 33 years ago. Title: construction of new school Hexington Middle School.

Casper, I say and I point to a lone bridge of to the side of one of the tractors.

Casper I thin
// is the schholl by the river? Or is it built over the farm of the Ghostly trio?

Or is it built of Jans old house.

Casper, I think I think the old bridge outside the waters been damned but this librarby, I think it's built on the exact location
where you had drowned.

Casper furrows his brow, and is silent.

I pause to think.
I'm sorry if this is too much now casper. I say.
I just found all this information and I wanted to-

Why casper says, still gazing at the floor.

Why! he says and jerks his head toward me, never before have I scene such anger from him.

Casper?... My voice drags in shicks.

Why are you telling me this? Casper I just loearned all this and I thought you-

ANd why did yiu even learn all this anyway?

Casper I was just trying to learn more about you I thought-

You want to find out why I'm here, to set my spirit free dont you?

Casper no I-

You jut want to get rid of me dont you endy? I  knew it I knew it I knew.
All along you just wanted to get rid of me.

Casper glares. Well if you dont want me around I dont need you here anyway, he syas.

Casper stop, I cry out. Dont say those things your my friend, I lo-

Admit it casper says, you always wanted to get rid of me anyway didnt you? I'm just a burden to you.
Your respinsibioty because you liek to rpetend your a witch and I'm a monster.

Casper squits and shakes. tears well up ijn his eyes only to fall from his face into nothingness.

Well, I never asked for your help anyway. Casper says.

Darn it. He says.

 should have known. Why would a girl liek you want anything to due with a ghost like me. 
 Casper stop, I run up to casper and toss my arms around him only for him to ohase out of sight 

 Casper! Casper!

I scream.



- Scene: Wendy Walks home and remembers what casper said.


As I walked home late as tear streamed down my face. Thankfully no one is out ant the nght sky helps to
conceal my expression. I must look wretched.

I stayed at the library for some time after caspers disapeance and called out his name, but he didnt appear.
There's no way casper could have disapeared, could he have?

His soul was anything but at peace.

He was simply hiding, he wanted to be alone, and to tell the truth, I wanted that as well.

I conue my way home and as a I do I see a car pull up an a young couple get out.
They appear to be somewhare in there lates teens without a single car in the word.
The young man walks over and opens the door for the girls she setps out and they hold hand and they walk towrd their home door. 
I continue walking.

Why did I dig into caspers past? Why wasnt his presence enough for me?
I think on casper's words.

would it ever work out? What will I do next year when I have to go to high school?
What about when we grow up.
I care deeply about casper. I love him, that I dont doubt, but am I in love with casper.

I just-I wasnt ready to have a relatioship. I never even dated before, and then I was in a relationship with casper.

Casper, he so hurt, he's suffred so much in his life.
He's not the type of person I could open up my problems to. I'd only feel guilty if I ever did.
And he's had it so much harder than me, I'd feel small and petty if I were to ever oepn up to him about 
how bad I have it at school or how hard it is living with david.

As I approach my home I'm schocked as I see davids car in parked halphaszardly upthe driveway, with at least one wheel
onto the yard I apparaoch the car I notice how badly dented the front is. The front bumper has almost completely fallen off and a hint of smoke seems
to eminate from the vehicle.

I dont see anyone inside and I run to the door.

Inside I find david collasped on to the fllor, wet with sweat I shake him.

David , david I call out but he doesnt move. I place my ear to his mounth and can hear him braething. 

I continue to shake and call out but just when I do he stands up.

David? I say, but he ingires me completely, 
slowly he limps toward the bathroom.

Without responding to my calls.

David, were you out drinking. He reaks of liquor. di you get into an accident. 

splashings some water to his face, david walks over to the refridgerator and pulls our a another can of beer.

Popping it open, he sits in his recliner and turns on the TV.

Concercnered I walk up to david and look at him. Something in his eyes seems
dead liek he isnt all there or like only a part of him is.

David, I say, are you hurt? I saw the car, should I call an ambulance?

David pulls the drink from his lips and turns toward me.

Why?

he says,

Why do you even care.

he says. and I take a step back.

Dont act like your worried about me. He says, I'm not your dad we're not even family. he shouts. 

I nearly fall to the floor with fear.
He thrwos his bottle the the wall. 

I never asked to be left alone with a child that isnt even mine, he says.

and throws his face into his hands.

Why dont you just go he says, and he starts to cry.

Tears stream down my face, and impulsively I run into my room.

I lock th door any pull my head under the covers.

From my nightstand, I pull the picute of my mother and hold it agaisnt my chest.
I'd never felt so alone. So unsure. 
I cant think of any magic spell that could help put me at ease help ease this pain.
Under my breath I dont call out the gods or goddeses or for spirits of nature.
I silently cry for my mother. 


- Scene: Wendy Tells Casper She Stays for him

The next day, goes by like a blur. I attend classes I go to lunch I walk the halls, but 
I dont hear the teachers, I dont taste the food, I dont feel my body.

Instead, I think on what will happen. I think on davd and his outburst.

I was so scared last night.
Is it even safe for me to coninue living in that home?
I feel my hands start to shake, but I could never tell anybody about this could I?

What if I was taken away?

What if the CPS got involvedor I was taken to live with my aunts.
What about casper?

What would happen if one day I just stopped coming?
What if I had to leave him?

The thought of casper sitting alone in that cold dusty library.

Sitting silently invisble to everyone else as he he remains a spirint chained to a library, chained to the land of the home were
he hand suufer under the hands of his cruel uncles.

I feel my fist tighten and a dterminiation come up in me.
I have to hld back my tears. I have to endure for casper.

I'm his friend. I'm his only friend in the world.
I need to show casper there is somebody in the world that cares about him.
I need to show him I'll be there for him no matter how hard it it, how difficult things are.

Not because I'm a witch or because he's ghost.

But because he's casoer. and I love him.

I walk to the library and make my way to my usual table, it's 3:30pm.

I dont expect casper to show up till the classes are over and eveyone is done for the day.

He's likely waiting for everyone to leave so we can szpeak privately.
Maybe he's ignoring me.

I'll wait he as long as I have to, I think, and I pull out my book and start reading.

I feel a tap on my should,

uh, excuse me, I look over and see a boy.

Hey, your wendy right?

The boy asks yes. I say and I recognize the boy as one of our schools new students who had introduced himself earlier this week.

Do you mind if I sit here? he syas

well uh I'? 

As I try to find the politest way to say no he proceeds to take the seat beside me where casper nirmally sits.

Hey, I see you around this week, I noticed that amulet you always wear. You wouldnt happen to pratice, witch craft per cahnce do you? 

I do I say, nervously as I try to scramble my brain to the ncest way to ske him to leave.

Oh, thats so cool. By the way, my names marcus. 

he reaches ou his hand, to shae mine and I reflexively follow suit.

That's o cool you knwo I was actually interested in learning about witch craft myself. I didnt know if maybe some time 
you'd willing to teach me.

I feel the urge to slap my hands against my face.

I know casper is watching this and I can only imagine the things he must be thinking right now.
I'm sure marcus is a swwet boy and all but his timing is awful

Hey look marcus, its nice to meet you but, 
I was about to muster up the coursge to say I want to be alone at the moment, the bell dings marking, the closing of the library. Marks stands 
to throw his backpack over his sholder.

Looks like the library's closing, want to walk outside? 

Actually Marcus, I say I nned to stay a little late. Need to finsihn a school assignment real quick.

Marcus looks disapointment but conceds, Oh, well, I guess see you around then?.. It was nice talking to you.

Same here marcus, I force a smile and wve goodbye. Behind his expression and can see a genuinely hurt, and I
cant help but feel a pang of guilt to be so blunt with someone inerested in me.

The lights dim and emilary shuts the door behind as I'm left sitting at my our table, almost sweating with anticipation. 
More nervous to speak to casper, but bound and determine to say whatever needs to be said.
I'll stay here as long as I have to I think. Whatever it takes, to show casper I care.

Who was that? A new friend?

I didnt have to wait long however.

I turn to see casper standing some distance away.
His arms folded and body language gaurded.

Casper.. I say and stand to step towards him. I take a step forward.

and he takes a step back.

You know I think its a good thing, casper says, his voice frail and weak despite his gaurded stance.
You should go and talk to a boy your age to other normal people, not some scray monster like me.

Casper, I plead again and move forward. 

Just go, wendy! He says.

I came up and try to take hold of his arm but he pulls righ through. Slowly he backs into the bookshellf behind him. 
His body fazing out of sight.

Casper, please can we just talk?

Casper stops and tears well in his eyes.

Why wendy? You dont want to be with me. You just wanted to help a ghost.
Thats why you keep trying to free my spirit.
Just admit you dont want to be with me he syas.
You dont care about me at all.

Casper's cries continue,

but I snap. Casper! I shout in a tone so hostile I'm shocked at the sound of my own voice.

Dont you get it, casper? dont you see? I stand before casper and glare.

Dont you realize I'd do anything for yoU? What I go through to stay?

I roll my backpack from off my shoulders and slam it to the ground.

Dont you realize how much I hate it here? I say. I hate this school, I hate living with david I hate everything about this town.
But I stay Capser, and I do it... so I can be here with you...

Wnedy, casper, says.. I never realized.

This time I'm the one who breaks down and starts to cry. I cry for so long I lose track of time.
I tell casper about my aunts, about what it like going to this school, and what happened last night.
and how much it scared me.

Casper just places his arms over me. and we sit together for some time.

Wendy, casper says, I'm so sorry, he chokes. I was always so wrapped up in my own troubles, I never gave enough thought about you.

I'm sorry I wasnt a better friend, wendy. Like you've been to me.

I look to my side, as casper places his hand across my cheeck I see it slowly starting to fade away, 

Casper, I cry out in fear.

Casper just smiles, a peacful expression come over his boyish face that I've never seen before.

//You know you taught me 

You know casper says as a tear subtles down his warm face, I think todays the first time I've ever cared for somebody besides
myself.

Epilogue:

A cold gust of winter air brushes past me and I tighten my scarf across my neck and crss my arms shivering. Behind the school building I can see the
winter sun slowly start to rise. A promise of warth and light for this chilly winter day.

The school's amin doors fly open and I see a familar face loading a cart full of equpient out. 
Janny I call out to our schhols janior and rush over to meet him.

Wendy, he smailes at me with genuine suprise. I am suprised to see you! How are you this fine morning my good little witch?

Ha, I said, doing well! I say and we both look across to the building that contains the school library.
I just had to say good bye one last time. I say.

I know you worked bvery hard wendy, spending time with your books but I hope you can remember some good times
with your friends at hexington. Janny syas.

I will Jan. I had a very special friend, here Janny. I think I know I'll remebr him as long as i live.
I look over to janny. And of course I'll remeber you too. I see.

I'm suprised to see you hear so ealry too? I hope the school gives you a raise for all your hard work!

Janny laughs, ha a raise will do me little good now wendy, I actually quit my job... I ve decided to reture, 

Oh, janny, then what are you doing here today? 

Saying goodbye. Same as yourself, Wendy When I was younger, IU met a very special friend myself when I was younger. 

Realy I reply. 

Yes, he left before I could reach him in time.. I was never able to say goodbye

I'm sorry I say recognizing the genuine sadness in janny;s expression.

he turns to me and smiles, but I think it's beeter now. I now he went to a better place.

I'm glad to hear it. I say and we both stare over at the school building to watch sun sunrise.

Wendy, thank you... for everything...

FOr what- I meant to say. But when I turned my head, janny was gone.


***

The car honks and I look outside to see the cab taking me to the airport.
I pull open the handle on my large tote and pull it into position.
Inside of it and in my backpack I have everything I'm taking with me.
My aunts told me they'd take me shopping so I only brougt the essentials: my books, my wirchraft tools, and of course the my clock!

Leaving wendy?

I turn behind me and see david.

Yeah.. I say in a samber tone. In david's hand he holds a photo album, he walk for ward and hands it to me.
More pictures of your mtoerh I wanted you to have it.

I lookat the pictue of my mother in the cloack i'm wearing now. In her arms she's holding me and kissing my head.
She looks so beautfiul in the pictue, adn I recginize how much I'm starting to look like her.

Thank you david.

He nods and turns to walk away. I steps forward then stop. 

David, I say and he looks back.

I know it must have been hard to raise a chid all by yourself when you were so young.

Thank you... for everything.


THE END






















































































































































































































