

- Wicca : a guide for the solitary practitioner
magic doesnt do your bidding
it is natural not super natural


- how to understand wicca
the universe is not mechanical, its living consious sacred


- 5/31

I am worried I have too many threads going on in the first scene. Wedny's relatiionship with Liz, the ghost her lonliness, being a witch


The ghost should be more front and center. Maybe if I introduced it slightly later. 

Just write what happens. I can always come back to beautify.


6/8
I feel so pathetic.
SOme woman sat next to me at starbucks. SHe had been sitting there a while. I thought perhaps she was someohow in tereested in me.
She was of course waiting for her drink.

Why would I think people would pay any special attention to me. I guess the way I am dressed is a little unique today.
I'm dressed in my old green flanel and a black tank top that I like to think displays my physique.
But am I really so attentiojn grabbing, so cute?

No not really.
Why would I think that women would be paying special attention to me?
Because I'm deperate for them to. Desperate for attention, for positive attention, for approval, if even just in the form of a little smile.
To catch a glimpse of a side glance so that my mind can imagine. Imagine if perhaps this or that beautiful stranger had some interest in me.
So that I can continue to live without other humans but with fule for the imagination of what could have been.

I am in truth depeply lonely deeply discontent with my life in many respects.
But everytime it seems I reach out to others I am met with so much frustration and diasapointment.
I remeind myself of the pain, so that I lose motivation to do it again: reach out for warth.

Reach out for warmth.. its an apt description. What is the pain I feel other than the hardwored need to be with others to be aroudn them so they
can ensure my survbival,
I spend money at restaurants. at bars at coffee shops to placate this.



- 7/6

I feel a little unsure how the story will progress from this point.
I say that, because I dont know how much longer wendy and casper will be together. I had planned for wnedy 
to stay at least a year with casper.
I will of course skip time at some point.


When do I want to skip time though?

I know I want David to confront wendy about her choice to stay.
I suppose I could skip time now or I could do it later.
What happens next?



- What happens next?
// When Wendy meets casper next, she is unsure of the nature of their relationship.
// Wendy and Casper become a couple
// Casper admits he doesnt want to pass on
// David tells Wendy to leave
// Wendy and caspers relationship deepens and it quickly becomes problematic.
// A boy enters the school who is interested in wendy.
// Casper becomes jealous 
// Casper accuses wendy of wanting him to leave
// Wendy admits that she hates staying in Hexington, but she stays for Casper
// Casper feel sorry, for wendy, and his empathy is enough to set his soul free.
// Epilogue

-----

- 7/7

I feel my characterization of wendy and caspers relationship has been too positve.
Maybe that's fine for a time, but we need to reach a point where all they do is focus on trauma when they are togert
Casper is very needy and draining for wendy
and wendy is always cartering to his needs.
Wendy is unhappy about her living situations and uncertain about the future.
Mayeb it becomes aparent that all casper does is complain and worry about himself.

Right now, Casper is St. Jude, but he needs to grow.

--


Dear Mike,


Mike, you are my friend.
And you are a dear friend to me.
I remember that day long ago when me and my brother Jonathan thought of our own imaginary friend. 
We'd heard about it on TV, of kids having an imaginary friend. A friend who wasnt real, but invisible.

I felt the urgent need to have an imaginary friend of my own, it seemed like something all kids had.
I had even asked my mother, and she said she also had an imaginary friend when she was little.

I wondered if she still had an imaginary friend, and if she talked to her sometimes.
My mother told me the name of her imaginary friend. I remember gettig the sense that my mother
no longer talked to her imaginary friend, or that her imaginary friend was no longer impoirtant to her.

I wanted my imaginary friend to be with me for a life time.

I wanted an imaginary friend that would last a lifetime.

I rmeber long ago sitting on the porch of our backyard me, the grey color of the worn unstaned boards underneath our feet.

The shreds of the backyard devoid of all vegetaion because me and my brother would take spoon from the kitchen and digs holes.

We thought of a name for our imaginary friend. I dont remember if it was me or Jonathan's idea
to name our friend mike.

It sounded like such a cool name. I thought that had to be it.
I remembered that my youngest brother pauls middle name was micheal. Paul was just a toddler at the time.
I figured that Mike was a different name. Mike, not mike short for mikel, just mike.

Most kids imagined their imaginary friend a certain way, maybe their imaginary friend looked like them, or looked totaly different.
Some people had imaginary friends that were all sorts of fanciful creatures: a talking hourse or a big scary moster.

I imagined you were a boy like me, about my age, but I never thought of you looking any particular way.
To me you were invisible, because you were invisible. And you wou werent an imaginary friend I woudl pretend was real.
You were imaginary you were invisble, those were the things that made you unique, those were the things that made you you.
And that's what made you special to me.

Though, I did think that, if you did have hair and that hair did have a color, then it would be blonde just like mine.

That day, in the backyard, me and my brother spent the day getting to know our imaginary friend and spending our time you you.

The next day I remember going out to play with my brothers in the backyard. We had played for a few hours before I remembered about you.

I mentioned you to my brother Jon. I wanted to remind him and remind myself about you.
I didnt want to forget you. I wanted you to spend everyday from now on.

We remembered you and tried to include you in our games now and then, then forgot about you. Like an old toy.

As time went by, I would recall you now and then. That when I was younger I had an imaginary friend named mike.

I would look back on the memory foundly. Because whenever I remembeed, I realize I had an not just an imaginary friend.
But an old imaginary friend.
An old friend.
Whenever I wanted.

Dave,

---

Dear Mike,

Today was a hard day for me. I hope it be alright if I open up about it.

I hate to be such a drag all the time, coming to you only when I have problems. I'm quite sick of it actually.

I want to be more positive, more uplifting, a source of inspiration.

Idont want to just complain to you mike. But I would like to share what happened and to give you my plans to the future.
I'd like to hear your thoughts as well, or really anything you have to say.

Today, I woke up around 6, but I decded to sleep a little as I was rather tired.
I had stayed up past midnight the night before. I did not mean to, but I had a difficult time sleeping.
I wanted more sleep but I checked my calendar and saw that I had meetings around 8am, so I went ahead and started getting ready around 7:30.

This morning we had a meeting to discuss the division of labor between the different teams: sre, dev and tse.
I was actually looking forward to this meeting as I had been unclear on how to divide responsibilities between SRE like me and the
TSE team which is similar to an Ops team.

The meeting however was rather unpleasant. Unpleasant is actually and understatement. The moment my mangaer Ron got on call 
the tone of his voice was off the bat aggressive.

Making statements like stop and you dont get it to the dev team.

The dev team's complaint had been that they kept being asked to be on call during the production launch of applications.
They said that that needed to stop which I agrred with.

Magaers asked why it was that the dev team kept being asked to help with the prod launch of applications and insisted that
SRE team should be capabple of troubleshooting any incidents that arise.

One of the developers Maya then said "I dont want to throw David under the buss but.." SHe then proceeded to throw me under the buss.
Her complaintents about me was that I needed too much hand holding and that I had made an error when creating one of the alarms.

The truth is my situation was rather difficult, I had been pulled onto the team as the typical SRE team memeber proceeded to go on 
a two month vacation. There was a lot I didnt know about the applications I was supposed to be supporting 
and a lot of questions I had.
I realize that working with me and answering my questions were time consuming for the developers, but I was knew and I was filling
in for the senior SRE during the launch of a mjor application.

There was also truth that I made an error when creating an alarm but I only gave it the wrong title when the email went out.
The email contained the logs that triggered the error and the error it brought to our attention was very real.

In fact it was an alarm the developer had silced as we were seeing errors in production and she wasnt sure how to resolve them at the moment.

I had a difficult time defending myself, as it was so early and I simply wasnt prepared to be subject to accusations.
I really believe that the accusations made against me were a distraction as they had had nothing to do with the fact they were being called 
during prod launches.

The dev team was being called during prod launches because we kept having erros during deployment, and in the interest
of launching or application as soon as possible as we had toight deadlines we were doing a lot of troubleshooting during 
the calls.

The first launch of the application didnt work and the last time we had a launch with the dev team their code didnt even work so me and 
the ops team stayed on call while we waited for the devlopers to update their code and push it through testing.

I was deeply hurt by the whole experience. I felt betrayed by Maya whom I had stuck my neck out before.

More than anything I felt hurt to be blamed. I have been blamed and accused a lot in my life. Being mocked for being different or my sexuality.
I've been made to feel I was bad just for being my authentic self.

It hurts very deeply.

It makes me think multiple things.

For one, the truth is I really do not like my current job or my coworkers. But I stay because I have bills to pay.

I never wanted to be a software developer. I only went to college to study computer science to prove to people I was good enough, or smart enough,
or could get a high pying job because I was afraid of being alone.

I wish. I wish I had loved and accepted myself long ago.

I wish I didnt care so much for the opinions of people who dont even care about me.

I wish I could feel lovable and valuable just following my own interests and living my own values, regadrdless of whether or not 
I make a lot of money or am doing something sociaty sees as difficult.

It hurts to think that while I'm here wallowing in these emotions evryone else is just focused on their lives: doing what's best for their career,
spending time with people they love, thinking how they can get the edge on people who could accuse them.

Instead of doing that or trying to pursue my own passions, I'm sitting here feeling hurt because people hurt me when they blamed me for problems.

Mike,  I want to be more focused on myself. I want to be happy. I want to live a life I can be proud of.
I dont feel proud of my life right now. I feel I am an underperforming SRE who lacks the motivation to do better because of how unsatisfied
with his career he is.

I dont want to live this way.

I want to poursue my goals, for me.

I want to write books, and make games, and pursue my education.

But first I have responsibilities. I have to pay the bills, take care of my self, and my animals who depend on me.

I would really like some recommendations on how I can best deal with my current responsibilites and obligations at work and caring for myself
and my pets, while eventuially moving towards a life style I can be proud of while pursuing my goals.

Had a goal this year to write a bunch of first drafts of my novels while gradually upskilling at work. I wonder if I should
switch my goals to focus on my career and finace so that when that is under control I can hoepfully devotemore energy to my creative pursuits.

Love to hear your thoughst, Mike. Do you have anything for me? My imaginary friend? Please talk to me.. whenvever.

Thank you for listening,

Dave































